Roll the dice and unleash the excitement!
Still Yelling. Still Fighting. Still Ready for Love.
Friends are the people who let you be yourself... and never let you forget it.
Just When His World Is Back To Normal... He's In For The Surprise Of His Life!
A Los Angeles Crime Saga
You are cordially invited to the most surprising merger of the year.
The Original Bad Boys.
Terror goes into overtime.
No limits. No fears. No substitutes.
Why can't the most powerful man in the world have the one thing he wants most?
Part Dog. Part Wolf. All Hero.
Triumphant in Victory, Bitter in Defeat. He Changed the World, But Lost a Nation.
The Course Has Been Set. There Is No Turning Back. Prepare Your Weapons. Summon Your Courage. Discover the Adventure of a Lifetime!
No one stays at the top forever.
Lose your heart and come to your senses.
Twelve outrageous guests. Four scandalous requests. And one lone bellhop, in his first day on the job, who's in for the wildest New year's Eve of his life.
New animals. New adventures. Same hair.
Get on, or GET OUT THE WAY!
The mob is tough, but it‰Ûªs nothing like show business.
One man is copying the most notorious killers in history one at a time. Together, two women must stop him from killing again. Or they're next.
In the shadows of life, In the business of death, One man found a reason to live...
An extraordinary encounter with another human being.
I Love You... The Way You Are.
Envy, greed, jealousy and love.
In every woman there is the girl she left behind.
Where happily ever after is just a dream.
In 1930's Shanghai violence was not the problem. It was the solution.
She broke the rules... and changed their lives.
The future is history.
A little pig goes a long way.
A Love so Unusual it has to be True
Two identical strangers. Two different worlds. One perfect match.
Sex. Clothes. Popularity. Is there a problem here?
I can smile, and murder while I smile
In this daring heist, the only color that counts is green
Nothing In This World Has Prepared You For This.
All she wanted was a little attention.
There's beauty in the patterns of life.
Seven deadly sins. Seven ways to die.
An American legend comes to life.
Five Criminals. One Line Up. No Coincidence.
She's no angel of mercy.
The biggest kick of the year!
The toughest act to follow was their dreams.
We'll do it every year..until we get it right
What do you do when justice fails?
Of All the Lives He Changed, the One That Changed the Most Was His Own.
Finally, the movie that proves that Justice isn't always Poetic, Jungle Fever isn't always pretty, and Higher Learning can be a waste of time.
A new comedy about love, laughter, and larceny
Bud and Doyle are here to save the world. But who's gonna save the world from Bud and Doyle?
God made him simple. Science made him a god. Now, he wants revenge.
You're never too old to believe in a dream. Or too young to make one come true!
A lot can go down between thursday and saturday...
One night is all that stands between them and freedom. But it's going to be a hell of a night.
He's a cop on the edge. She's a woman with a dangerous secret. And now they're both...
Anxiety loves company.
In a time of chaos, in a world of change, he was moved by a book he could not read to become a hero he never imagined.
He gave her flowers. She gave him a chance.
A comedy for the kid in all of us.
The last scream you hear will be your own.
...some lives cross, others collide.
There is no defense.
Protect. Love. Honor. Avenge.
A motion picture that celebrates everything you love about life.
An elegant seduction. An erotic deception. A stunning revelation.
He's about to turn a Five Star Hotel into a three ring circus.
There's one in every family.
The untold story of Jekyll and Hyde
A comic tale of horror and seduction.
Good times never seemed so good,
Prepare to Go Ballistic.
The drama. The passion. The intrigue... And the rehearsals haven't even started.
Three Young Friends... One Last Chance.
No one leaves without paying...
I'm not too sure about this one!
It started with a shootout on a rainswept street and ended in a scandal that shattered New York.
They're not really criminals, but everyone's got to have a dream.
He loved her. He lost her. He won't let her memory die... until it tells him who killed her.
He doesn't play golf... he destroys it.
The path of Francesca Johnson's future seems destined due to an unexpected fork in the road...
Set sail for Muppet mayhem!
The moment when fashion, art and entertainment come together with stunning force and beauty.
Every man dies. Not every man truly lives.
On every street in every city, there's a nobody who dreams of being a somebody.
No Fear. No Stuntman. No Equal.
A murder. A suspect. A shadow of a doubt.
She found a way to preserve her memories forever.
She is perhaps Hitler's best known victim, but what was Anne Frank really like?
A comedy for the romantically challenged.
Two brothers. One fortune. Zero chance they'll share it.
A dream can make all the difference under the sun.
A Player Who's About to be Played.
What a difference a day makes
In the golden age of cinema, everyone dreams of becoming a star. One man promises to make all their dreams come true...
A comedy about sex, love, family and other accidents waiting to happen.
It's a brand new beginning in the adventure that never ends
The only thing that stands in the way of fate and true love is a little traffic.
Sometimes the brightest star is the one that shines within.
Some fantasies go too far.
A rusty sub. A rebel commander. A renegade crew. When destiny called, they should have hung up.
He as a centerfold who revealed everything ... but the truth.
Every Day we Have, is One More Than We Deserve.
Come as you are.
Sometimes the Best Friends Are the Ones You've Known Your Whole Life.
Whatcha gonna do?
In the sweeping highlands of China, a boy begins a magical journey to save the life of a natural wonder.
The true story of the death of innocence and the birth of an artist.
Accountancy, Murder, Amnesia, Torture, Ecstasy, Understanding, Redemption
Houston, we have a problem.
Honor made him a man. Courage made him a hero. History made him a legend.
The dark is their sunlight. What makes them different is what keeps them alive.
Courage now, truth always...
Luis Bunuel's Masterpiece of Erotica!
Truth has a witness
Welcome to the planet Brooklyn.
I'll tell ya another thing, their beer sucks!
Get an afterlife
When there's murder on the streets, everyone is a suspect.
Where you are the endangered species.
Danger runs deep.
Weird sex åá Obsession åá Comic books
When the smoke clears, it just means he's reloading.
Private detective Easy Rawlins has been caught on the wrong side of the most dangerous secret in town.
Think fast. Look alive. Die hard.
Sex. Violence. Whatever.
There is no escape from the past.
Their greatest battle would be for her love.
The adventure is back. The fun is back. Willy's back. And this time he's brought his whole family to meet an old friend ... and take on a new challenge.
There is no right or wrong, only fun and boring
Love is an adventure when one of you is sure... and the other is positive.
The hottest data on earth. In the coolest head in town.
In the future, one man is the law.
For truth. For justice. For five bucks a day.
Nick is about to discover the first rule of filmmaking: if at first you don't succeed... PANIC!
Trust Nothing Except Your Fear.
A wild and sexy adventure!
They're not there to shop. They're not there to work. They're just there.
The Power Is On!
Virginity, sex, the big cry, and other salty topics.
She Can't Speak. She Can't Scream. She Can't Beg For Mercy.
Unseen. Unforgiving. Undead.
No driver's license, no credit cards, no passport, no access to her bank accounts in a foreign country ... She finds her identity stolen.
Ready or Not.
Sassy, savvy and definitely clued-in!
On ancient ground, at the edge of the world, an evil born in heaven is about to be unleashed on earth.
The most twisted Christmas ever.
In the 21st century nobody will be... Safe.
When intimacy is forbidden and passion is a sin, love is the most defiant crime of all.
What Happens On Stage Is Only Half The Story!
Beyond your wildest dreams. Beyond your wildest fantasies.
Where there's smoke... there's laughter!
A story about husbands, wives, parents, children and other natural disasters.
Our time is up.
You know you want it.
a film for all the young lovers of the world
If you really believe, magic will find you
Touched by Genius. Cursed by Madness. Blinded by Love.
Attitude is everything
Last time he rocked the boat. This time the sky's the limit.
Sometimes you find your heroes in the most unlikely places
A man in search. A woman in need. A story of fate.
Beyond the horizon lies the secret to a new beginning.
Reality Just Switched Sides
The Name Is Legendary. The Man Is Real.
The greatest lessons in the life and the ones learned by heart.
They wanted a great adventure. What they got was "Mad Max" Grabelski.
A moving and poignant story set against the corrupt politics of the Stalinist era.
Once You Know The Faces You Will Begin To Understand The Story
Can the greatest romance of your life last only one night?
Billy is going back to school... Way back.
Something about her captures the imagination.
A motion picture that celebrates the art of survival, the gift of laughter and the miracle of friendship.
The best cure for a disease is friendship
Hideous... hungry... and loose!
Just because they serve you doesn't mean they like you.
The story of the man who thought he was the greatest lover in the world... and the people who tried to cure him of it!
Sex Is Power.
Taking crime to new heights
Fate visits in ways you never expect
Prepare yourself for the moment of truth.
Sometimes, an accident can be an unhappy woman's best friend.
What the one doesn't have, the other is missing.
In a world of temptation, obsession is the deadliest desire.
To crack this case, these two cops will have to flash more than their badges.
When it came to making bad movies, Ed Wood was the best.
Partners in survival. Friends for life.
It's the story of a father who couldn't be closer...to driving his son crazy.
He was bought back from the dead... but he didn't come back alone.
Unleash your imagination... and come along on a magical journey. Follow him home.
OÌ_ s'arrÌ»te le pouvoir de sa voix?
The talking pig who made it big!
The original green hero!
In a world filled with violence... his only weapon is the truth!
An Extraordinary True Story.
From a secret world no one could see... came a crime no one could believe.
They don't run the fastest. They don't jump the highest. But they sure are getting the last laugh. Heavyweights. They never met a hot dog they didn't like ... until now.
He's trapped in a world where killing is an art and revenge is an obsession
Think Love.
Drink from me and live forever
A powerful man torn between his love for one woman and his secret desire for another.
Nothing is inconceivable
Buried deep in the Florida Everglades is a secret that can save an innocent man or let a killer kill again.
Joust Do It.
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away...
The story that has lived in our hearts for generations, now comes to the screen for the holidays.
Every girl everywhere is a princess.
In Tita's kitchen, ordinary spices become a recipe for passion.
After the Fall from Innocence the Legend begins.
He's looking for a few good men... or a few guys old enough to shave.
Brothers in blood. Partners in crime.
Mothers. Warriors. Sisters. Survivors.
Who decides what makes a mother?
Be Warned.  It's Alive
Jack wants to marry Ben's mother. But there are strings attached.
You can't get enough of a good thing... But first you have to find it.
If you really believe, anything can happen.
Love is great. Marriage is a completely different affair.
Three generations of dreams.
The trial that brought down Alcatraz
In a town where nothing ever happens... everything is about to happen to Sully.
Her heart. Her soul. Her language are a mystery...A mystery called Nell
The Only Thing That Matters Is The Ride
The toughest city in the world deserves the toughest cop.
Psychological Terror Beyond Your Wildest Nightmares
The Future Just Got Darker
Sometimes you have to break your vow to keep your promise.
The Media Made Them Superstars.
A love story written in the stars.
A family in crisis, a life in chaos... Nothing is more powerful than a mother's love.
Passion. Seduction. Betrayal. Lily wanted to be just like Ivy.
This animal carries a deadly virus... and the greatest medical crisis in the world is about to happen.
If you want a job done well, hire a professional.
On the way to finding a family, she found love.
Just because you are a character doesn't mean you have character.
The People Called Them Heroes. The F.B.I. Called Them Public Enemy Number One.
In a world of rituals, in a place of secrets, a man must choose between keeping the faith and exposing the truth.
Fifty million people watched but no one saw a thing.
Think you are quick enough?
At the world's hottest fashion show, there's been a murder and now everyone's a suspect. If you've got something to hide, you'll need something to wear.
Trusting your children can be deadly.
An enchanting classic destined to capture your heart and free your spirit.
Between land and sea there is a place where myths are real.
The government taught him to kill. Now he's using his skills to help a woman seek revenge against the Miami underworld.
It will take you a million light years from home. But will it bring you back?
What if your dad was Santa Claus?
Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free.
The award winning thriller that'll bury you with laughs.
A thriller where nothing is black and white.
Life is not a movie
We're all just . . . The Sum of Us.
Stupid tricks. Outrageous chaos. Total destruction. They're taking it on the road.
In 2033, justice rides a tank and wears lip gloss.
Ready for your deadtime story?
Boldly go.
Chill or be Chilled
For better, for worse, forever.
Beware the Children
If at first you don't succeed, lower your standards.
For passion, betrayal and murder... there's still no place like home.
Surviving the streets was just a rehearsal.
A film about the love you find...In the last place you look.
Justice needs a new program.
A story about love at second sight.
You've got one life to live. What's it gonna be?
Success is the best revenge.
Friends Forever
He's the best there is! (Actually, he's the only one there is.)
She's back... Looking as gorgeous and outrageous as ever in a brand new frock.
A kinky voyage with a full head of steam.
The war of drugs would lead him to the war of power.
A district attorney out for a conviction. A new lawyer out of her league. A young boy who knew too much.
Real love is forever.
Everyone hated this baseball legend. And he loved it.
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
The world will never be the same, once you've seen it through the eyes of Forrest Gump.
Five good reasons to stay single.
For Lisette, everyday has become independence day.
Romance Was Never More Dangerous!
A cop. A waitress. A lottery ticket.
Life's greatest adventure is finding your place in the Circle of Life.
A magical journey to a place where the past and present meet
One, Two, Freddy's coming for you...
From zero to hero.
In their hands, a deck of cards was the only thing more dangerous than a gun.
New York in the 1920's. The only place to be was the Algonquin, and the only person to know was Dorothy Parker.
A Mad Bomber is on the Loose, and If Anyone Can Stop Him....So Can Frank!
A behind-the-lines look at work, marriage and other forms of combat.
A comedy about love in the '90s
Where nothing is as it seems.
An adventure so big... even the world's richest kid can't afford to miss it!
Life's best journeys take you home
The vacation is over
Get ready for rush hour
There are two sides to every relationship... Don't trust either of them.
They killed his wife ten years ago. There's still time to save her. Murder is forever... until now.
When he said I do, he never said what he did.
Through the good times. Through the bad times. When a Man Loves a Woman it's for all times.
The animal is out.
The epic story of love and adventure in a lawless land.
Bribery. Blackmail. Murder. Specialities of the house.
An extraordinary tale of an ordinary hero.
Fate made them hostages. The media made them stars.
He's armed and dangerously funny.
3 Tales of Love, Lust, & Liberation
Go-Go For a Wild Ride With the ACTION GIRLS!
Love is courage.
A nursery crime of epic proportions...
The fight to save the world is on!
It began with a whisper
Wrong People, Wrong Place, Wrong Time.
He's whatever scares you the most
On our first date... we robbed a bank
He would sacrifice everything for her...even her.
Love is the deadliest illusion.
Throughout time they have hunted each other fulfilling the prophecy, that there can be only one.
Lived Any Good Books Lately?
Hang on for the ride of your life!
Some games you play. Some games play you.
The Family Just Got A Little Stranger
Uncut. Unrated. Unbelievably Funny.
In a world of tradition. In an age of innocence. They dared to break the rules.
The amps are on but nobody's home.
They're on the look out for thrills, action and adventure.
It was a dangerous time to be a woman. And a good time to have friends.
Americans. Anti Americans. In Love.
For Hector, history has a way of repeating itself.
The day they moved in... Beverly Hills moved out.
What you can't see, can kill you.
5. 4. 3. 2. 1......Time's Up.
In a world of secrets, love is the most powerful weapon.
Imagine... you're gone and someone else is living inside your body.
Beyond love, beyond obsession, there hides something beyond reason.
One man lives in the neighborhood, another man owns it.
He's Setting Sail On The High Seas... Without A Rudder, A Compass, Or A Clue!
Three boy's journey to discovery in the Hollywood of the early sixties.
He's got a good future if he can live past next week.
The height of adventure.
Young ones! Parental units! We summon you!
In the heat of desire, love can turn to deception. Nothing is what it seems when day turns into night.
TURBULENCE REDEMPTION HOLLYWOOD
In a country where anybody can become President, anybody just did.
See it with a bud.
The 21st Century's most dangerous cop. The 21st Century's most ruthless criminal.
Sex, murder and revenge were never this funny.
Two Women. Three Men. One Secret.
Some people are afraid of nothing.
The First Drive-By Comedy
If you want a degree go to Harvard, If you want an education go to Simon Wilder.
Evil is patient
He thought there was nothing as seductive as money. He was wrong.
Power can be murder to resist.
How far would you go for a friend?
A murdered wife. A one-armed man. An obsessed detective. The chase begins.
A Warrior. A Leader. A Legend.
..He's not getting mad, he's Getting Even With Dad.
The girl is out there
She's finally met her match. He's handsome, wealthy, seductive. A Real Lady Killer!
Don't hunt what you can't kill.
An amazing true story of survival.
Just deux it.
Sex, Lies and Fantasies... Unrated!
This bachelor party's gonna' bring down the house!
They took him for a fall guy... but he threw them for a hoop.
Sleep tight, America! The safety of the free world rests in his hands!
An assassin on the loose. A president in danger. Only one man stands between them...
Falsely accused. Wrongly imprisoned. He fought for justice to clear his father's name.
Summer's Never Been So Much Fun!
Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken?
Don't move. Don't whisper. Don't even breathe.
An adventure 65 million years in the making.
Fear never travels alone.
When the world turns upside down, the trick is coming out on top.
Best Friends Are Forever
This isn't the movies anymore.
He's a talent agent. She's a thief. Looks like they've already got something in common.
At the sperm-bank she asked for a tall, intelligent, black man. One out of three ain't bad.
Her doctor wasn't playing God. He thought he was God.
A fatherless boy had almost given up all his dreams... until one man believed in him enough to make them come true.
Keaton & Allen reunited for fun flick!
This is the truth. This is what's real.
Fasten your seat belts
Romance. Mischief. Seduction. Revenge. Remarkable.
Everything That Makes Him Dangerous Makes Her Love Him More
Sometimes love is a stranger. And sometimes it's someone you've known all your life.
She makes dinner. She does windows. She reads bedtime stories. She's a blessing... in disguise.
Who says the good guy has to be a guy?
A shopping spree for the morally bankrupt.
No Guards. No Walls.
A family comedy that appeals to the child in everyone.
No one would take on his case... until one man was willing to take on the system.
A Street Romance.
From Different Worlds They Come To Prove Themselves In The Gritty World of College Football.
Trust No One
At station WBN, the hits just keep on coming.
They might be his hostages but what they're doing to this guy is criminal.
Diamond in the Rough
One Man's Mission To Teach The Few, The Proud... The Impossible!
A collision of East and West. A conspiracy of seduction and murder. A battle between tradition and power. Business is war.
A comedy of the heart and other organs.
He's back to lay down the law.
The legend had it coming... Find out where Robin Hood put his Little John, what made Will Scarlet, and what did Friar Tuck into his tights that Maid Marion all of a quiver?
The story of a cop who wanted it bad and got it worse.
Give Him Smack In Head Special ...
A woman's search for herself.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, It's the size of the fight in the dog.
Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.
He was praying for a miracle. What he got was Steve Nebraska.
Every journey begins with a single move.
The timeless tale of a special place where magic, hope and love grow.
Every Mom Wants to Be Wanted, But Not For Murder One!
The Shadow Knows!
Short Cuts raises the roof on America.
A twist of fate brought them something wonderful... Each other!
In the 1930s, an artist and his models scandalized a nation with their controversial paintings. For a young couple, meeting them was the experience of a lifetime.
For Paul, every person is a new door to a new world.
What if someone you never met, someone you never saw, someone you never knew was the only someone for you?
You like to watch... don't you?
Man has made his match... now it's his problem.
He's a relative nightmare.
The honeymoon was killer.
They shouldn't have put him in the water, if they didn't want him to make waves.
This Ain't No Game.
The ultimate manhunt.
It's not the fall that kills you...
The sound of genius.
One girl. Two guys. Three possibilities.
A ghoulish tale with wicked humor & stunning animation.
All for one and one for all!
Justice is coming.
For one juror, the question of guilt or innocence is a matter of life or death... her own.
Stealing, Cheating, Killing. Who said romance was dead?
They Changed The Way Campaigns Are Won
All The Adventure Your Imagination Can Hold.
You only hurt the one you love.
Not all girls want to play with dolls.
Who needs God and Heaven? We can change this lousy world.
It was supposed to be a routine prisoner transfer. But this was no ordinary prisoner.
Major League is about to experience a minor problem . . . . . . he's 12-years-old.
If growing up were easy, everybody would do it.
Ciao, Professore!
A gripping comedy about letting go.
Mischief loves company
The greatest adventure is finding your way home.
She was everything they dreamed of... And nothing they expected.
A Family Comedy Without the Family.
A love that will last forever.
Wish granted!
It's nothing personal.
Inside everyone is a frontier waiting to be discovered.
Experts with fists and guns and not afraid to use them.
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
To enter the mind of a killer she must challenge the mind of a madman.
The Happiest, Dopiest, Grumpiest, Sneeziest movie of the year.
The most beautiful love story ever told.
For anyone who has ever wished upon a star.
Who knew it was so much fun to be a hooker?
If you only want to spend two hours in a movie theatre and go home and forget it, stay away from THE WILD BUNCH.
This is one jagged twisting ride you'll never forget.
She defied a thousand years of tradition for one moment of passion
She was having a perfectly bad day... Then he came along and spoiled it.
Evil comes when you call his name.
A lot can happen in the middle of nowhere.
Your favorite talking animals are back!
A Step Beyond Science Fiction
This year, the past, the present and the future will all meet at the crossroads of hell.
Something magical is about to unfold in the most unexpected place.
The passionate tale of forbidden secrets!
You'll Laugh Till Your Heart Breaks
A tune-filled animated extravaganza.
Every woman has a secret...
Minor league. Major friendship.
In this battle, there can be no winners
They met, fell in love, and had a baby. (Not necessarily in that order.)
When you play, you pay.
Love... Sex... Life... Death. In this house it's all on the table.
Sooner or later, a man who wears two faces forgets which one is real.
Action speaks louder than words.
A story of first loves and last chances.
Heaven help us! Look who's back in the adventure of 2 lifetimes.
The fight against fascism begins with the fight against Stalinism.
A hilarious heart-ringing fable about life, love and hangups.
The world's toughest cop is getting a brand new partner. And he's a real blast from the past!
With family, everything is relative.
All he ever wanted was an honest week's pay for an honest day's work.
She's not proper, she's not fitting, she's not British, but to Jack she's a breath of fresh air.
A fresh, sassy and sexy comedy!
Two women. One man. The combination can be murder.
The city is a jungle. Some are just better prepared for it, than others.
A medal for honor. A search for justice. A battle for truth.
Expect the Impossible.
The remarkable story of one woman's unbreakable spirit.
Two apartments. Two women. One shocking mystery.
You will believe.
The newest coach in the NBA has got the Knicks right where she wants them.
If the gods were crazy... now they're berserk.
As of today, he's not the man he used to be!
Passion at ten. Envy at eleven. Murder at noon.
It's really how life can appear with desillusions, good and funny moments, peace, love and hate.
Adventures this big don't grow on trees.
Together forever. Or else.
Shove this up your mind
A comedy about a wife, her husband and his hit man.
He was a student. She was his teacher. Their love was forbidden.
Caught between honor and revenge, how far will one man go...
Every year Hollywood makes hundreds of movies. This is one of them.
Get ready to jam.
See Barbarella do her thing!
A night of adventure becomes one woman's desperate fight for survival.
They live ... They suck ... They Bite
An unforgettable romance
Suddenly the word is Alphaville... and a secret agent is in a breathless race against the Masters of the Future.
A Top-Secret Mission Of Gigantic Proportions!
A love, a hope, a wall.
The story of a girl who is going from filthy to rich
Part man. Part machine. Total weapon.
Trust no one.
Just when she met the man of her dreams, along came her husband to ruin everything.
In 1939, Elena went to Paris searching for her voice as a writer. What she found was her voice as a woman.
For everyone on the outside looking in... your moment has arrived!
No one stays innocent forever.
Go the distance
You gotta represent.
This isn't America, this is Los Angeles.
Brian's about to discover the woman he loves isn't the woman he loves.
The first Disney movie with attitude.
If you can't beat 'em, steal him.
This summer it's finally safe to go back in the water.
How far will you go for love?
Surrounded by danger, they'll risk everything for freedom!
No one can survive becoming a legend.
So Easy to Kill, So Hard to Love
They Weren't Born Yesterday!
Sometimes to get more out of life, you have to make more of yourself.
Can your MIND stand the SHOCKING TRUTH?
Welcome to the witching hour.
If you can't find the perfect contender....make one.
Sometimes justice is a crime
She discovered a new branch of her family tree... the one with all the nuts.
For an ex-cop obsessed with an unsolved murder, trusting the wrong woman could be a deadly choice.
The original bad boys are stepping up in '96!
Alcatraz.  Only one man has ever broken out.  Now five million lives depend on two men breaking in.
One bad apple can spoil the whole line-up.
Zombies, guns, and sex, OH MY!!!
The Dark Side of Nature.
Don't call me babe!
It found a voice... Now it needs a body.
Let the curse fit the crime.
All the action. All the women. Half the intelligence.
From the Oscar-winning creator of A Grand Day Out and The Wrong Trousers.
As American as apple pie and twice as smart.
The greatest danger facing our world has been the planet's best kept secret... until now.
THRILLS!  FUN!  ACTION!
The hot-line suspense comedy
Some friendships are worth a fortune
Famed Spectacular Adventure Story Filmed Against Authentic Backgrounds in Mystic India The Greatest Spy Thriller of Them All!
The story of The Vietnam Veterans Memorial and its inspiring creator.
Slam Evil!
Some People Get Into Trouble No Matter What They WEAR.
When school ends... and life begins.
Jack Powell is about to tackle his biggest adventure ever... the fifth grade!
You only get one shot at fame.
Love is a chain of love... as nature is a chain of life.
Two friends, two worlds, one dream.
The Journey of the Hyena
The ultimate orgy of evil
For those who hear their clock ticking...
Choose life.
Earth. Take a good look. It might be your last.
The most beautiful place to be is in love.
All fans have a favorite player.  This one has a favorite target.
There's no such thing as free cable.
You wouldn't want to meet these pinheads in an alley.
He will erase your past to protect your future.
Inside Sherman Klump, a party animal is about to break out.
No air. No escape. No time.
No Rest for the Wicked.
John Sayles invites you to return to the scene of the crime.
On your case!
Some things in life just can't be explained.
A movie for everyone who wants to get married and stay single at the same time.
A romantic comedy about two brothers... and the one thing that came between them.
Experience a time you'll never forget.
They had a plan. It wasn't worth a nickle.
A missing father. A desperate search. An unforgettable adventure.
See how they run.
The world's most powerful genie has just met his match
Time moves in more than one direction...
He's got 5 days to go coast-to-coast. (There's just one BIG problem.)
Obsesssion Can Be Murder
The more everything changes the more they stay the same.
Torrid!...Tantalizing!...Tempestuous!...
Macho cop finds himself in a relationship with a gay man and questions his life. German.
A new angle on the classic tale... And that's no lie!
Sex Bugs Rock 'n Roll
Don't get mad. Get everything.
The fight for the right to love
Someone is going to pay.
A Dangerous Mind is a terrible thing to waste
Ain't nothin' but a g-string.
It took them 17 years to learn the rules. And one week to break them all.
Reaction Time 8-4-96
A little magic goes a long way.
Cupid is armed and dangerous!
Believe in the power of another
There's More Than One Way To Keep A Marriage Together...
To a town with no future, comes a girl with a past.
Snake Is Back.
In 1981, A Nineteen-Year-Old Unknown Graffiti Writer Took The New York Art World By Storm. The Rest Is Art History.
Golf Pro. Love Amateur.
Truth is magic...It makes dreams come true.
An offer you can't refuse.
There's never a cop around when you need one, but when this cop's around, all you need is one.
You are now entering Tongland
In their world, you can't buy freedom, but you can steal it.
A dad in a hurry. A man on the run. And five kids with an attitude.
Carl Fitzgerald has decided to clean up his act... but first he has to get rid of the body.
Kansas City, 1934. Anything could happen here. One night it did.
Even the fish are laughing!
Liar. Thief. Murderer. He hated all of humanity, himself most of all.
The Most Dangerous Man Alive Is A Man With Nothing To Lose
Only One Force Can Stop This Crime Wave....And She's One Tough Cop!
The Next Evolution In Terror.
The gates of hell are unlocked.
He's young. He's wild. He's fun. And he's the one protecting the president's son.
When Nothing Works, Anything Goes.
A comedy about losing your heart, finding your inner child and meeting the one friend you've always tried to avoid.
Tough cop. Hostile witness.
Haddonfield is ready to celebrate Halloween.... so is Michael Myers!
The truth is more shocking than the uniform he wears... HE WAS AN AMERICAN SPY.
Thunderous! Tender! Touching!
Broadway's howling year-run comedy hit of the snooty society beauty who slipped and fell - IN LOVE!
What a Glorious Feeling!
What a joy! It's M-G-M's Technicolor musical!
'S Wonderful! 'S Marvelous!
Audrey Hepburn plays that daring, darling Holly Golightly to a new high in entertainment delight!
Alfred Hitchcock engulfs you in a whirlpool of terror and tension!
It only takes one witness to spoil the perfect crime.
TOGETHER... for the first time
Strange drama of a captive sweetheart!
The King and Queen of 'Carioca'
It's a deadly game of 'tag' and Cary Grant is 'it'...
Movie-wise, there has never been anything like it - laugh-wise, love-wise, or otherwise-wise!
The movie too HOT for words!
Is anyone really who they seem to be?
They had a date with fate in Casablanca!
A story as EXPLOSIVE as his BLAZING automatics!
The loverliest motion picture of them all!
...the chauffeur's daughter who learned her stuff in Paris
Romance in romantic Rome!
A great classic comes to life in glorious Technicolor!
MåáGåáM's glorious love story with music!
We're off to see the Wizard, the wonderful Wizard of Oz!
The greatest romance of all time!
A Hollywood Story
It's Terrific!
An epic drama of adventure and exploration
Strange . . . Amazing . . . Their Love Story !
It's all about women... and their men!
It's all about men!
The shadow of this woman darkened their love.
The thrill spectacle of the year!
Notorious woman of affairs... Adventurous man of the world
The maddest love that ever possessed a woman.
In Italy... on the Mediterranean... across an ocean... and all over New York!
WANTED by the police in all the luxury-spots of Europe!... A catch for any woman!
You're invited . . . to a hilarious wedding !
Get Aboard!
Greta Garbo laughs!
Love is a game any number can play... especially in the afternoon...
Thank heaven for Gigi
MGM presents the Comedy-Romance in luscious COLOR!
Excitement...Danger...Suspense...as this classic adventure story sweeps across the screen!
The story of a love that became the most fearful thing that ever happened to a woman!
THE SPIRIT... so willing! THE FLESH... so weak! THE ROMANCE... so wonderful!
At Last ! . . . The Masterpiece Of America's Foremost Film Genius Blazes To The Screen !
They're Dancing Cheek-To-Cheek Again!
The legendary epic that's as big as Texas.
Of what a girl did . . . what a boy did ... of ecstasy and revenge!
A laugh tops every thrilling moment!
She learned about men from him!
It's a wonderful world, if you'll only take the time to go around it!
It's a wonderful laugh! It's a wonderful love!
Romance, drama, laughter and heartbreak... created out of the very heart and soil of America!
And so begins the hilarious adventure of Professor David Huxley and Miss Susan Vance, a flutter-brained vixen with love in her heart!
"Remember the tune they were singing the night we fell in love?..."
Mirth! Murder! Melody! Mystery! and Girls! Girls! Girls!
The Love That Lifted a Man to Paradise......and Hurled Him Back to Earth Again
With an ANGEL on his shoulder... And the DEVIL in his heart!
Sensational Human Drama!
A new comedy kayo from Warner Bros.
He lived only for revenge...She lived only for his love!
Handcuffed to the girl who double-crossed him
THEY FOUGHT BEST WHEN IT WAS HOPELESS!
Tall.... Terrific.... and Trouble!
If it doesn't scare you, you're already dead!
The greatest adventure a man ever lived...with a woman!
They're Out To Beat the Devil At His Own Game!
Just one pillow on her bed ... and just one desire in her heart!
The sensational story of youth on a fling
ALL AMERICA WANTS TO MEET THE "MR. DEEDS" OF 1941!
You've Got A Date With Danger, A Rendezvous With Romance In The Glamorous, Mysterious Algiers . . Make A Date Now !
A Cagney you have never seen!
Every woman who has loved will understand
20,000 eyes looked - and no one saw!
What he wants is revenge. What he gets is the fight of his life.
Electrically attracted to each other...Overwhelmingly engulfed by it...Guiltily in love!
Woman are a mystery
When funding for the arts was cut, these kids and one great teacher decided to pull their own strings.
Love is only the beginning.
For years her songs brought fame to other people. Then she found her own voice.
The Other Side of Safety.
Ireland, 1916. His Dreams Inspired Hope. His Words Ignited Passion. His Courage Forged A Nation's Destiny.
Someone Is Playing A Very Deadly Game...
In love and life, one big night can change everything.
In a town with no justice, there is only one law... Every man for himself.
It's about crime. It's about payback. It's about survival.
You have one minute to decide the rest of your life.
It's the hardest move a guy has to make.
Not all surgery is intended to cure.
Two good cops. One bad situation.
No Fear. No Limits. No Brakes. Just Ducks.
Wanted: For chicanery, skulduggery, tomfoolery and habitual bungling!
NOW...on the MOTION PICTURE SCREEN!
Caught in a world where they don't belong... they have one chance to escape!
Herbie will honk his way into your heart.
The Loveable Bug's back doin' his thing!
All the heart, all the excitement of a great frontier adventure!
Meet the people, the pleasure, the entertainment of the year! All the love, laughter and drama that life can hold, poured into one unforgettable motion picture!
"I was a Teen-age boy!"
THE ADVENTURE OF ADVENTURES!
It takes a Siamese secret agent to unravel the PURR-fect crime!
The mightiest motion picture of them all!
One dream. Four Jamaicans. Twenty below zero.
Ya Gotta Believe!
The greatest love story ever told.
Tired of living in a Medieval mess...Merlin uses all his magic powers to change a scrawny little boy into a legendary hero!
For the good of all men, and the love of one woman, he fought to uphold justice by breaking the law.
It's supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!
The One...The Only...The FABULOUS...
Brazzle Dazzle Brilliance!
You'll beWITCHED! You'll beDAZZLED! You'll be swept into a world of enchantment BEYOND ANYTHING BEFORE!
A world of wonders in One Great Picture
A story of two friends who didn't know they were supposed to be enemies.
Her life is no fairy tale.
The happiest sound in all the world!
40 Stories. Twelve Terrorists. One Cop.
God made him simple. Science made him a god.
When prim & proper meets wild & crazy get ready to...
technology control passion
In every life there comes a time when that dream you dream becomes that thing you do.
Some love lasts a lifetime. Real love lasts forever.
Only his passion for women could rival his passion for painting.
...a comedy of pasta, passion and parents.
What's forgotten is not always gone.
Prey For The Hunters
A four hundred year old work-in-progress.
They found the American Dream ... One bullet at a time!
On October 16, 1996, the one year anniversary of the Million Man March, Spike Lee invites you to lift your head, raise your voice, and...get on the bus.
A time without pity. A society without mercy. A love without equal.
Cuba today... somewhere between lov and dispair.
My only love sprung from my only hate.
Cocktails first. Questions later.
When friendship runs deeper than blood.
It began as a kidnapping. It became a journey of hope.
The Spectacular Adventure Continues!
Foot-free Fred and joyous Ginger...in their gayest, gladdest show!
Hate is like a loaded gun!
An Original Philip Marlowe Mystery
A sultry chanteuse, a hunk on the lam and a fortune in stolen gems
A Moment Can Last A Lifetime.
It's Scrumdiddlyumptious!
Apparitions? Evils? Corruptions?
Woody Allen takes a nostalgic look at the future.
A tale of murder, lust, greed, revenge, and seafood.
He wasn't the messiah. He was a very naughty boy.
The disguise surprise comedy of the year!
Too Handsome. Too Young. Too Liberal. Doesn't have a chance. He's PERFECT!
The movie with 20,000-mile or one-million-laughs guarantee!
They‰Ûªre young‰Û_ they‰Ûªre in love‰Û_ and they kill people.
SPENCER TRACY in his most suspenseful role...ERNEST HEMINGWAY'S story of Heroism...Defeat...Victory!
If a woman answers...hang on for dear life!
Have the time of your life.
Every dog has his day.
The first casualty of war is innocence.
Bernie may be dead, but he's still the life of the party!
A brutal murder. A brilliant killer. A cop who can't resist the danger.
The Ultimate Story of Sex, Drugs & Rock 'N' Roll
Play At Your Own Risk.
Lie. Cheat. Steal. All in a day‰Ûªs work.
He is afraid. He is alone. He is three million light years from home.
Greater than "David Copperfield" !
You can't stop the thunder.
Up there with the best of the best.
Love 'em or Kill 'em.
The bad boy from a good family.
...Blanche, who wanted so much to stay a lady...
In a sleepy midwestern town... A horrifying evil is about to rise again!
One foot in the door. The other one in the gutter.
Behind Every Great Man Is A Woman... Wishing He'd Get The Hell Out Of Her Way.
One family, one murder, too many lies.
Where land is power and revenge is obsession.
All they want is another shot...
You may not like what he does, but are you prepared to give up his right to do it?
True or False.
In the Voting Booth, No One Can Hear You Scream
when life is at its finest...when love is at its fullest...
Dishes. Relationships. Wind. This guy breaks everything.
There's everything you've ever known about adventure, and then there's The Abyss.
Lock your doors. Bolt your windows. There's something in THE FOG!
1997. New York City is now a maximum security prison. Breaking out is impossible. Breaking in is insane.
Imagine your worst fear a reality
And now! At Last! Another film completely different from some of the other films which aren't quite the same as this one is.
See it with someone you've paid for.
Man Wasn't Meant To Fly... Until Now!
The untold story of the Rumble in the Jungle.
Winner of the 1993 Academy Award for Best Animated Short.
Savage TRUTH! Stronger than Fiction!
Bullets!  Women! -- Can't Hold a Man Like That!
Terrific... and true!
A savage, sweeping epic of society in chaos.
An interior of violence.
Many people write to God. Somebody is answering.
Half man.  Half wolf.  Total terror.
The award-winning film of American lives, American courage, and the...
Vote first.  Ask questions later.
A celebration of youth, friendship, and the everlasting magic of the movies.
Lust...Murder...Dessert. Bon Appetit!
A futuristic comic feast.
Each of us is matched somewhere in the world, by our exact double - someone who shares our thoughts and dreams
It's April in Italy, and anything can happen...even love.
It explodes in the no-man's land no picture ever dared cross before!
Seduction. Betrayal. Murder. Who's conning who?
There's definitely magic in the air
In love, there are no boundaries.
On a magical Greek island a soldier is about to discover that it is better to make love instead of war
A film about life, laughter, and the occasional miracle.
A life lived in fear... ...is a life half lived
A softcore movie, Dr. Death, a chocolate milkshake, a nosey blonde and "The Carol Burnett Show." Solving this mystery is going to be murder.
A love story... With strings attached!
Having a ball... Wish you were here.
If he's crazy, what does that make you?
The movie that'll have you rolling in the aisles.
The Adventure Continues...
It's as real as the feelings you feel.
Indiana Jones - the new hero from the creators of JAWS and STAR WARS.
It's only a state of mind.
This Time It's War
For three men the Civil War wasn't hell. It was practice.
If you don't remember the sixties, don't worry - neither did they.
Life is in their hands. Death is on their minds.
Being the adventures of a young man whose principal interests are rape, ultra-violence and Beethoven.
This is the end...
There were three men in her life. One to take her... one to love her... and one to kill her.
The Empire Falls...
There are angels on the streets of Berlin.
Hunted by men ... Sought by WOMEN!
Three Decades of Life in the Mafia.
In space no one can hear you scream.
Trapped in time. Surrounded by evil. Low on gas.
Danger...Like Passion...Runs Deep
The Greatest Shakespeare Film
One Vicious Hitman. One Fierce Cop. Ten Thousand Bullets.
The master of suspense moves his cameras into the icy blackness of the unexplored!
They'll never get caught. They're on a mission from God.
I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.
Vietnam can kill me, but it can‰Ûªt make me care.
The great adventure of a king who defied the odds to prove himself a man.
...Everything you've heard is true
Action...Excitement...Romance...Fill the Screen !
Crime, passion and lust for power - Sergio Leone's explosive saga of gangland America.
A nervous romance.
How the future began.
When the hunters become the hunted
...all it takes is a little confidence.
They were meant to be. But exactly what they were meant to be is not quite clear.
A slightly twisted comedy
Your future is in his hands.
Some things won't stay down... even after they die.
Their innocence. Their heritage. Their lives.
Woody Allen's New Comedy Hit
Up is down, black is white, and nothing is what it seems.
He was their inspiration. He made their lives extraordinary.
This is Benjamin. He's a little worried about his future.
THE STRANGEST VENGEANCE EVER PLANNED!
She murders. So she can live.
It spans a whole new world of entertainment!
A picture that goes beyond what men think about - because no man ever thought about it in quite this way!
You get tough. You get tender. You get close to each other. Maybe you even get close to the truth.
From out of space... A warning and an ultimatum
The nearer they get to their treasure, the farther they get from the law.
War Is Swell ...when the Marx Brothers are in it. They'll be out of the trenches by Christmas...if the food doesn't improve
I've been going to this high school for seven and a half years... I'm no dummy.
A masterpiece of modern horror.
For some, it's the last real taste of innocence, and the first real taste of life. But for everyone, it's the time that memories are made of.
The Sequel To The Ultimate Experience In Grueling Terror
Put a fence in front of these men... and they'll climb it!
One of the most important and powerful films of all time!
He's having the worst day of his life... over, and over...
Some legends will never be forgotten. Some wrongs can never be forgiven.
When you've seen it all, you'll swear there's never been anything like it!
The Voice of a Generation.
She Passed Out On Cary! No Wonder . . . She's just discovered his favorite aunts have poisoned their 13th gentleman friend!
He's the only kid ever to get into trouble before he was born.
The secret of life? The secret's in the sauce.
The Rebel Warrior
It's not where you start - It's where you start again.
Neo-Tokyo is about to E.X.P.L.O.D.E.
There can be only one.
What we've got here is failure to communicate.
The scariest comedy of all time!
Five Taxis. Five Cities. One Night.
Once again - the whole world laughs!
The most sensational sound you'll ever see!
The story of a man who was too proud to run.
The picture they were born for!
Best friends, social trends, and occasional murder.
Beyond fantasy. Beyond obsession. Beyond time itself... he will find her.
The entertainment experience of a lifetime.
Does for rock & roll what 'The Sound of Music' did for hills.
Until now, you've never really seen the world you live in.
Before they could stand together, they had to stand alone.
The man with the hat is back. And this time, he's bringing his Dad.
Getting there is half the fun; being there is all of it!
His triumph changed the world forever.
A lovers' story
Who ELSE can turn lasers into light shows, aircraft into armchairs, and high-tech into hijinks?
The Memories. The Madness. The Music... The Movie.
Here, only the silent survive.
Earthmen on a fabulous, peril-journey into outer space!
If you believe the impossible, the incredible can come true.
Rudyard Kipling's epic of splendor, spectacle and high adventure at the top of a legendary world.
Not that it matters, but most of it is true.
A place for dreams. A place for heartbreak. A place to pick up the pieces.
. . . the ultimate road movie
Can two friends sleep together and still love each other in the morning?
He's arrived in the St. Nick of time!
Dare to let yourself go where you've never been before.
A comedy for the romantically hopeless
The ride is wild!
The bitch is back.
Beware the Moon.
The terror is back home
WARNING: in this movie you are the victim.
Home is where the Horror is...
Terror Has a Reflection All its Own.
Don't forget to check under the bed...
For God's Sake, Get Out!
It began with a murder and a hanging. Now, the innocent must pay for the sins of the guilty...
He couldn't live without a virgin's blood..... ...So a virgin had to die!
Childish pranks turn into a bloody battle for survival!
Suddenly Their Lives Were Engulfed By Supernatural Terror!
Nothing can stop them, no one can help you. They know who you are.
...and remember, the next scream you hear may be your own!
It crawls. It creeps. It eats you alive!
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water - you can't get to it.
The transplant was a success. Then the donor came to take it back.
Foul Traffic in Dead Bodies.
Love never dies.
The monster demands a mate.
Up the ancient stairs, behind the locked door, something lives, something evil, from which no one has ever returned.
You don't have to believe... just beware.
There is nothing in the dark that isn't there in the light. Except fear.
Now he had only one weapon left - murder! ...To prevent an even more shocking crime!
If you‰Ûªve got a taste for terror... take Carrie to the prom.
They are something more than lovers who are about to become something less than human.
If Nancy Doesn't Wake Up Screaming, She Won't Wake Up At All!
A symphony of horror
It is the greatest mystery of all because no human being will ever solve it.
There is no honour amongst thieves.
They Planned The Perfect Crime... Until It All Went Perfectly Wrong!
A story about just how wrong two people can be before they can be right.
Love is a mighty power.
Resistance is futile.
A true story of the mystery of music and the miracle of love
A simple man. A difficult choice.
Two Dads, One Toy, No Prisoners.
Witchcraft or witch hunt?
They needed help. What they got was a miracle.
Arthur Miller's timeless tale of truth on trial.
So many dogs. So little time.
Die Harder
The human adventure is just beginning.
The battle for peace has begun.
Adventure and imagination will meet at the final frontier.
At the end of the universe lies the beginning of vengeance.
A dying planet. A fight for life.
The key to saving the future can only be found in the past.
The Bat, the Cat, the Penguin.
Six reasons why the west was wild.
Yoo-Hoo, I'll make ya famous!
Grease is the word
The Music and Feeling go on Forever.
He's a good cop. In a bad mood.
If he's not dead by dawn...we are.
It's not a job... It's an Adventure!
When the Texas Plains Ran With Blood and Black Gold!
Don't go in the water.
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water...
A deadly new attraction.
A comedy about life, liberty and the pursuit of two ex-presidents.
Nice planet. We'll take it!
Life, liberty, money and the pursuit of happiness. She's gotta have it.
Everybody loved him... Everybody disappeared.
Their lawless years are behind them. Their child-rearing years lay ahead...
The Year - 1963. Selling the American Dream is a risky, funny business - you could wind up paying with your wife!
We could tell you what it's about. But then, of course, we'd have to kill you.
In war they found each other...In each other they found love...
A story about the years that keep us apart... And the moments that bring us together.
When you're living on the edge, you never know which way you'll fall.
From the director of A FEW GOOD MEN comes a compelling TRUE STORY.
In a city of nine million people is there room for one honest man?
Coming to a screen bigger than your TV.
Someone has taken their love of scary movies one step too far.
The first American hero.
He's an angel... Not a saint.
The continuing story of 'Terms of Endearment'.
Between love and loyalty... Between life and death... Lies a choice no mother should have to make.
No Actual Mothers Were Harmed During The Making Of This Motion Picture.
The Most Anticipated Motion Picture Event of The Year
Based on the Novel by Henry James.
A boy and girl face the challenge of the world's last frontier.
This address changes all the rules.
Don't pet them.
If you weren't afraid of flying before, you will be now.
An extraordinary story of love's transcendent power.
They thought they possessed the ultimate weapon. They hadn't counted on Jackie Chan.
Sometimes revenge is the best therapy.
He put's the Mortal back in Kombat.
San Francisco's top police hostage negotiator is about to get more than he ever bargained for.
Love knows no limits.
The pressure is building...
Misunderstood. Misplaced. Mismatched.
A romance on the brink of reality.
He beat the odds... And became a legend!
He's Under Siege and Out-of-Control.
Life is a traffic jam.
There's a good reason some talent remains undiscovered.
An extraordinary story of hope, courage and humanity.
Once upon a time...
A comedy about the romantically challenged and passionately confused.
What kind of freakazoid would let someone hunt him just for $50.000‰Û_ Next question.
What if finding the love of your life meant changing the life that you loved?
A Wicked Comedy
Corrupts Absolutely.
This FBI agent is purring his life on the line. Fortunately, he's got nine.
This time the Griswolds are on a roll.
It was the perfect wedding except for two things... the bride's parents.
In 1923, a black town in Florida was burned to the ground, its people murdered because of a lie. Some escaped and survived because of the courage and compassion of a few extraordinary people. This film is for them.
Based on a true story.
Some guys will do anything for a little something.
Wanting a man dead can be reason enough to live.
A comedy thriller about four men, a wedding and everybody's funeral.
The big city is about to get a little savage.
Never before has a man done so much with so little.
Get Together. Fall Apart. Start Over.
Never reveal your name. Never turn your back. Never surrender your heart.
Some Tracks Should Never Be Uncovered.
A comedy About Friends, Family and Fish.
Love in the dying moments of the twentieth century
It's a family affair
Trust me.
Sometimes silence speaks volumes.
Discover the true story of one of America's brightest stars... that faded too soon.
They come from different worlds. They fight for different causes. Now, two men from opposite sides of the law are about to go to war.
It's a Jungle Out There!
These Pretty Women... Are Clueless!
The Power Is Back!
In a world of power and privilege, one woman dared to obey her heart.
America's top counter-terrorist usually works alone... this time he's got company.
When you want it all but can't have it, there's only one way to handle life... invent it.
When You Can't Breathe You Can't Scream.
Even a hit man deserves a second shot.
Two Men Taken By One Woman
Love Knows No Bounds.
A mindless comedy.
Something has come between Hannah and Martin that will change their lives forever
Swindlers. Scammers. Con-men. As American as apple-pie.
The Blonde Leading The Blonde.
The coast is toast
A red comedy about the ultimate party animals.
If he were any cooler, he'd still be frozen, baby!
It could happen to you.
Sometimes when you make love you make war.
He's getting even... by breaking all the rules
No one stays innocent forever.
Life's harsh. Why behave?
In a world beyond your imagination a battle for the universe has begun.
There is no future without it.
Let the love feast begin.
A love they never imagined. A summer they never forgot.
Way Past Whipped!
A love, a hope, a wall.
Only a woman could dare to make this film
Eight men. One summer. Figure it out.
A Comedy About Lost Loves And Last Laughs
Something has survived.
The story of a boy who risks everything to save his best friend.
There Is A Secret About To Explode.
In the world of magic, the hand is quicker than the eye and love is the wild card.
Welcome to a family that will make yours seem tame
They were deadly on the ground; Now they have wings
As the stakes get higher, the ride gets even faster.
Only the strong survive these streets.
Strength. Courage. Honor. And loyalty.
An oddball odyssey about voyeurism, LSD and nude bowling!
A romantic comedy about the things we do for love.
A comedy about keeping your ex-lover a secret, your husband in the dark and your head above water.
Zero to Hero!
Life is what happens when you're busy making plans
Mildred and Doris are two middle-aged women.
It's about finding the love of your life. And deciding what to do about it.
No man. No job. No cat.
More Bold! More Brazen! And Much, Much More Bardot!
In order to catch him, he must become him.
He's a cab driver, she's a supermodel.  What the hell?
Protecting the Earth from the scum of the universe.
Get ready to Rumba!
Take a ride on the wild side.
Anabel made a wish. Murray made a mess
If it's just us, it seems like an awful waste of space.
Two sisters will do anything to hook the right man.
Failure is not an option.
Thief. Warrior. Gladiator. King.
Watch out!
No One Is Above The Law.
Infinite Space - Infinite Terror
Born in darkness. Sworn to justice.
He Sits. He Stays. He Shoots. He Scores.
She was prepared for anything until love stormed in.
Are all men bastards...or just misunderstood?
A new friend. A new threat. A new adventure that will capture your heart.
This Holiday Weekend spend in the company of women
What if your most paranoid nightmares had just come true?
Desperate times call for. . .
Heroes don't come any bigger.
The story of one outrageous woman. Caught between two men. Both of them certain of one thing...
Power is measured in enemies.
The Beav is back.
For thousands of years, man has been evolution's greatest creation... until now.
This ain't no buddy movie.
A crash course in kidnappings, car thefts and other rituals of dating.
Courage conquers all.
The fate of a nation rests on the courage of one man.
When schools become war zones and both sides start taking casualties, what then?
Invisible. Silent. Stolen.
It's not where you go, it's how you get there.
In Hollywood every dream has a price.
An out-and-out comedy.
They were fighting over a woman when the plane went down. Now, their only chance for survival is each other.
How do you get the world's attention?
Everything is suspect... Everyone is for sale... And nothing is what it seems.
At the end of the world his real journey began.
Smart Girls. Pretty Girls. Missing Girls.
There's Plenty For Everyone!
A satirical love story.
Be careful what you wish for.
Best friends. Bitter rivals. Sisters.
What do you get for the man who has everything?
One Man. One Secret. One Chance in Hell.
Expect the Unexpected.
A comedy for the incurably unromantic.
The shortest distance between two people is a certain smile.
It was 1973, and the climate was changing.
The life of the party just died!
It's not who you love. It's how.
The year's most revealing comedy.
Love is the ultimate kick
Loyalty without question. Friendship without equal.
If you're going to bury the truth, make sure it stays buried.
Evil has its winning ways.
He's just taking up space!
Joining this deadly underworld was easy. But getting out...deadly!
She must choose between her father's fortune... Or the man she loves.
Just don't get caught.
There is no gene for the human spirit.
Believe.
For centuries they told us the terror would come from above. We've been looking the wrong way.
Welcome to suburbia ground zero.
A comedy for anyone who's ever been in danger...of falling in love.
Know life. No limits.
The secrets that hold us together can also tear us apart.
The hunter becomes the hunted.
Some cops play by the rules. Their own.
The story of a man who wanted to keep the world safe for democracy...and meet girls.
One Man. One Masterpiece. One Very Big Mistake.
A comedy with serious relief
One man will make a mistake. The other will make it a spectacle.
Sometimes an entire life can change in just one night.
To get the story, they‰Ûªll risk everything.
There are two sides to every lie.
They were totally unqualified to try the case of a lifetime... but every underdog has his day.
The life of a dreamer, the days of a business, and the nights in between.
A big city cop. A small country boy. They have nothing in common... but a murder.
Harry Donovan is a master in the art of deception... trapped in a lie so perfect even the truth can't save him.
The only good bug is a dead bug.
Between every mother and daughter there is a story that must be told.
Work sucks!
What if one split second sent your life in two completely different directions?.
The world was created in six days, so too shall it be destroyed and on the seventh day mankind will rest... in peace
On the air. Unaware.
A couple with everything but money. An heiress with everything but love. A temptation no one could resist.
Leniency for those who confess...
How do you stop an assassin who has no identity?
Discover the Adventure Behind the Greatest Mystery of Our Time.
He‰Ûªs on a mission so secret, even he doesn‰Ûªt know about it.
It's already too late.
Run Baby Run!
Freedom is not given. It is our right at birth. But there are some moments when it must be taken.
The hardest soul to save was his own.
Her passion for her art changed the face of history.
Sometimes you've got to break the rules
Nothing in the world would make them miss their weekly game...
Harry Block has written a best seller... bout his best friends... he revealed their deepest secrets... and they're not pleased... now Harry Block is going to Hell...
Catch it if you can!
Some people can never believe in themselves, until someone believes in them.
She was looking for something special. She found much more than she was looking for.
Ready for more. Much more.
If he can't have her, no one can.
Who's hunting who?
Working here can be murder
Someone has taken their love of sequels one step too far.
When the lights go out... the terror begins
There is no such thing as the simple truth.
A race against death!
Nothing on Earth could come between them.
Yesterday is a memory. Today is history. Tomorrow is in the hands of one man.
"Oliver Twist" re-imagined with hustlers, addicts and drag queens.
A boy of two worlds must learn to be his own man.
The year is 2013. One man walked in off the horizon and hope came with him.
Six players on the trail of a half a million in Cash. There's only one question... Who's playing who?
You won't believe your eyes.
Times like these call for a Big Lebowski.
Sometimes you just have to be yourself.
Let desire be your destiny.
Saving the day the ninja way!
Double deal. Double cross. The only thing left is murder.
This game has only two rules. Do or die.
Fight fire with fire.
A secret experiment gave him super senses. Then came the side-effects.
A comedy about truth, justice and other special effects.
A world where the night never ends.
Indecent. Immoral. Irresistible. It's the role he was born to play.
You know what they say, if the cyborsuit fits, go kick some alien butt!
In the worst storm in living memory, one guard stands between five men and three million dollars.
They'll do anything to save their best bud.
Detective John Hobbes is searching for a criminal he's already met... already caught... and already killed
Fat cats are too easy. Go for the big fish.
An evil force has declared war...
Their goal: freedom. Their only hope: an international incident. Their target: the American ambassador.
You say you want a revolution?
Full Scream Ahead
Dead End Jobs, A Drunk Ex-girlfriend, Psychotic Vampires: ONE HELL OF A NIGHT!
There Is No Lie More Terrifying Than The Truth.
Their romance began the day she was born.
Kill or be replaced.
Trouble never looked so good.
Never believe what you publish...Never publish what you believe.
This party makes no stops.
He's gonna party like it's 1985.
A thousand feet beneath the sea, the blackest holes are in the mind...
A life more compelling than fiction.
When your one and only... isn't the only one!
In a town this bad, it's hard to be good...
A comedy from the heart that goes for the throat.
Not everyone who runs a city is elected.
Some people can buy their way out of anything. Except the past.
The cop who won't stop is back. But this time he's chasing down a lot more than a fugitive.
The hills are alive...
The most awarded film in Mexican history.
To surf 40-foot waves is to put yourself...
Towering above everything you have seen before.
Don't breathe a word.
For the honor of a king. And the destiny of a country. All for one.
Four Brothers. Four Criminals. For The Money... They Would Stop At Nothing.
They're dying to play with you.
The Bird is the Word
love, sex and starting over...
What went down on the way to the top.
Love can't be controlled.
Meeting your best friend. Finding your favorite teacher. Having your first crush. Remember what it felt like to be...
Let your spirits soar.
Thanks to his two girlfriends Blake is about to learn a new sexual position. Honesty
The past is always closer than you think.
One man gave up everything he owned. The other, everything he believed in.
Sometimes The Most Desirable Relationship Is The One You Can't Have
Fish out of water...Surfers in Yellowstone
Here, we get down and dirty.
Danger, Will Robinson!
Vengeance takes no prisoners.
Someone knows too much.
It's the oldest con in the book.
She didn't believe in angels until she fell in love with one.
History is made at night.
Some arguments stand the test of time
A comedy of incredible proportions.
The father, the son and the holy game.
Five Kids. One Sea-Lion. No Rules.
Life, love, desire... and everything in between.
The world's most private detective.
Little People. Big Trouble. Lots of fun.
He who holds the sword, rules the world.
Just Your Typical Boy-Loves-Girl Who Doesn't Love Boy Till He Loves Other Girl Story
A Twink Meets Hunk Romance
He's discovered the wildest tribe in his own backyard!
What you see isn't always what you get.
Fight first. Apologize later.
Searching for the Reason to Live
Mating season begins...
They're Just Nine Players Short of a Dream Team
A hilarious comedy from the co-creator of "Seinfeld"
Nothing's more dangerous than some nice guys... with a little time to kill.
The rules of the road are simple. Don't turn back.
in the middle of nowhere they had everything
The legend comes to life.
True love, midnight visions and stacking rocks. OR  The love of a lifetime can begin with a dream
Heaven and Earth are about to collide.
It's Woo's world.. we're just living in it.
Innocence is a dangerous friend.
An evil knight gives nobility a bad name.
Size does matter.
Brace yourself. This politician is about to tell the truth!
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll be offended
A truckload of cell phones... turns into a boatload of cash!
Almost History... Almost Legends... Mostly Ridiculous.
When life fell apart, love fell into place.
No peace for the wicked
Murder is in the eye of the beholder.
A powerful husband. An unfaithful wife. A jealous lover. All of them have a motive. Each of them has a plan.
About life, love and the sound of snow.
After this week in paradise, they‰Ûªre going to need a vacation.
Yesterday's history.  Tomorrow's the future.  Tonight's the party.
Who knew deception, treachery and revenge could be this much fun...
a story of ambition, sacrifice, seduction and other career moves.
The story of three young women and the events that would change their lives... The friendships that would stay with them forever... and the loves that would change their hearts.
What nature divides, the spirit unites.
A Little Secret...Their Biggest Adventure!
A dreamer who couldn't sleep. An author who couldn't write. A friend who couldn't help but help.
A story of haunted youth.
This time, the princess saves the prince.
Get right to the heart of the fear
Fight the Future
One doesn't count, the other can't. Dis-organised crime.
He doesn't just talk to the animals!
Opposites attract.
On St. Valentine's Day in 1900 a party of schoolgirls set out to picnic at Hanging Rock ... Some were never to return.
Billy Brown just got out of jail. Now he's going to serve some real time. He's going home.
The Earth's Darkest Day Will Be Man's Finest Hour
The faces you love. The action you expect.
In an old house in Paris, that was covered with vines...
The few, the proud, and the small.
There will be no order, only chaos
1981. In an era of just say no, they said yes.
Love Is In The Hair.
Unspeakable Horrors From Outer Space Paralyze The Living And Resurrect The Dead!
Youth, hitting the clouds! Laughing at danger! Fighting, loving, dodging death! That's
The pulsating drama of Broadway's bared heart speaks and sings with a voice to stir your soul!
They left for war as boys never to return as men.
Terrific as all creation!
Thank The Stars For A Great Entertainment !
THE PICTURE OF THE GENERATION!
Clark Gable as the daring mutineer in the screen's most exciting adventure story!
The Last Word In Entertainment!
He'll Hold You In Silence As Deep As Your Emotions !
YOU'LL LOVE THEM ALL FOR GIVING YOU THE SWELLEST TIME YOU'VE EVER HAD!
Millions Have Read This Great Novel... Millions more will see an even greater picture!
"Mrs. Miniver" is more than a picture -- It's dramatic. It's tender. It's human. It's real.
When the St. Louis Browns lost Bing, the Cardinal got a good singer!
The screen dares to open the strange and savage pages of a shocking bestseller!
Three wonderful loves in the best picture of the year!
He Might Have Been A Pretty Good Guy ‰Û_ If Too Much Power ‰Û_ And Women ‰Û_ Hadn‰Ûªt Gone To his Head!
Pouring out of impassioned pages...brawling their way to greatness on the screen!
The Man Lived by the Jungle Law of the Docks!
EVERYBODY'S RAVING ABOUT
The screen achieves one of the great entertainments in the history of motion pictures
Tom Jones! . . . loves and loves and loves and loves . . .
...a motion picture for all times!
They got a murder on their hands.  They don't know what to do with it.
Much Much More Than a Musical!
Whatever you hear about Midnight Cowboy is true.
There are no rules and no holds barred when Popeye cuts loose!
His whole life was a million-to-one shot.
There are three sides to this love story
Everything is in its proper place...except the past.
This is the story of two men who run, not to run, but to prove something to the world. They will sacrifice anything to achieve their goals... except their honor.
Based on a true story.
He was the Lord of Ten Thousand Years, the absolute monarch of China. He was born to rule a world of ancient tradition. Nothing prepared him for our world of change.
A journey through understanding and fellowship.
The funny, touching and totally irresistible story of a working relationship that became a 25-year friendship.
Crime lives!
You'd never take her for a call girl. You'd never take him for a cop.
It‰Ûªs 4 a.m. Do you know where your car is?
Finally... A film about the downwardly mobile.
Where everything seems possible and nothing is what it seems.
They only met once, but it changed their lives forever.
Someone is coming back to Elm Street!
If you think you're ready for Freddy, think again!
Terror beyond your wildest dreams.
Now Freddy‰Ûªs a daddy, he‰Ûªs killing for two.
They saved the best for last.
They were warned...They are doomed...And on Friday the 13th, nothing will save them.
The body count continues...
There's nowhere to hide. We dare you to try.
Jason's Back, and this is the one you've been screaming for.
A New Beginning to the first step in terror.
Kill or be killed!
Jason is back, but this time someone's waiting!
The Big Apple's in BIG trouble!
The Night He Came Home
The nightmare isn't over!
...and now the earth will run with blood again!
Horror has returned to Haddonfield.
Michael Lives, And This Time They're Ready!
If you're not back by midnight... you won't be coming home!
You Can't Keep a Bad Girl Down
A Romantic Comedy from Hell
They ditched the prom for a private party, now it's their last dance.
Chucky is one mean S.O.B.
Look out Jack! Chucky's back!
Chucky has a new playmate.
They're here.
They're back.
He's found her.
Something almost beyond comprehension is happening to a girl on this street, in this house... and a man has been sent for as a last resort. This man is The Exorcist.
It's four years later... what does she remember?
Do you dare walk these steps again?
If these two can learn to stand each other... the bad guys don't stand a chance.
The magic is back!
The magic is back again!
Don't get him wet, keep him out of bright light, and never feed him after midnight.
Here they grow again.
The pirates map, The villainous crooks, The underground caverns, The booby traps, The skeletons, The monster, The lost treasure, and the magic that is... THE GOONIES.
No one has seen his face... but everyone ... knows this mark.
Sometimes the further you stray, the closer you are to home.
Meet Marty and Carol. Two people who are very good at being bad.
What is the secret of Soylent Green?
There can be no understanding between the hands and the brain unless the heart acts as mediator.
Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads!
They've saved the best trip for last... But this time they may have gone too far.
Who will survive-in one of the greatest escape adventures ever!
Annabel and her Mother are not quite themselves today - in fact, they're each other!
THIS UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT THREW A PENTAGON INTO A PANIC!
As belles, they were ding-dongs... they enlisted, and were rotten to the corps... and when things got hotter... they went to the cooler... now, they're on the loose again!
A great love story.
The Mighty Warriors Who Became the Seven National Heroes of a Small Town
Lust. Seduction. Revenge. The Game As You've Never Seen It Played Before.
A world beyond your experience, beyond your imagination.
All the power on earth can't change destiny.
"It goes places movies seldom dare to go."
A forbidden love. An unthinkable attraction. The ultimate price.
In Cradle Bay it doesn‰Ûªt matter if you‰Ûªre not perfect.  You will be.
See it early. Avoid the mob.
The mission is a man.
Lights!... Camera!... Attraction!
The Secret To Success Is Pure Monkey Business
Hidden by darkness. Guarded by witches. Discovered by a boy. Stolen by a king. Whoever owns it will rule the world. Or destroy it.
A journey that begins where everything ends!
He's out'a sight...literally!
Quick thinking landed him a million bucks... now everybody's after it!
A close encounter of the 'furred' kind!
An action adventure romantic comedy spy story.
The Puck Stops Here!
A new high in being lowdown.
A far off land. A far off journey. A far off adventure.
Come along on the greatest adventure of the summer!
A Tall Tale About Little People!
London's crime-fighting ace on his most baffling case!
Yes, We Have A Bananza!
The Love Bug falls 'hood-over-wheels' for a classy chassis!
It's just a bunch of Hocus Pocus.
The BIG Laughs Start January 6th!
The most astonishing, innovative, backyard adventure of all time!
A Thousand Thrills, And Hayley Mills!
Three against the wilderness... nothing could stop them - only instinct to guide them across 200 perilous miles of Canadian wilderness!
He frees hostages for a living. Now he's taking hostages to survive.
Twice the Fun, Double the Trouble.
Two guys invented a game... and turned the sports world upside down!
Unzipped. Unwrapped. Unleashed!
A MAN - Trying to run away from his past... A WOMAN - Trying to escape her future...
Turbulent were the times and fiery was the love story of Zhivago, his wife and the passionate, tender Lara.
Robert Duvall is Mac Sledge, down and out country singer. His struggle for fame was over. His fight for respect was just beginning.
He's a man of peace in a savage land... Suburbia.
The Most Controversial Picture of Our Time!
It's a strange world.
The Jungle is JUMPIN'!
She's from the leash and license set... he's footloose and collar free!
Somewhere under the sea and beyond your imagination is an adventure in fantasy.
They can't skate. They can't win. They can't be serious.
A Thousand Voices. A Single Dream.
The Canine Caper of the Century
It will live in your heart forever!
The sailor man with the spinach can!
Two tiny agents vs. the world's wickedest woman in a dazzling animated adventure!
Sinister forces from this world against two young space travellers from another.
The Aladdin adventure continues...
An all-new adventure down the yellow brick road.
Three years before the United States declares war, Cliff Secord leads America's first battle against the Nazis.
The Only Candidate with a Law Degree and a Pedigree!
Awaken to a World of Wonders!
What would you give a man who could make your deepest dreams come true?
The Professor's "Off" and Flying... and FUN SCORES A NEW HIGH!
Here Comes The Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah Show!
Allen Bauer Thought He'd Never Find The Right Woman... He Was Only Half Wrong!
Sometime the hero ends up being you!
A world inside the computer where man has never been.  Until now.
In a world on the brink of war. You either march to one tune or dance to another.
Blood is thicker than Water.
A rags to riches to rags story.
Laugh...or I‰Ûªll blow your lips off!
So funny you'll laugh your head off.
Stephen King took you to the edge with The Shining and Pet Sematary. This time... he pushes you over.
They grew up on the outside of society. They weren't looking for a fight. They were looking to belong.
If adventure has a name... it must be Indiana Jones.
Fantasy...beyond your imagination
George Orwell's Terrifying Vision Comes To The Screen.
In his mind, he has the power to see the future. In his hands, he has the power to change it.
Stephen King's masterpiece of terror directed by the master himself.
Buy Now. Pay Later.
Now there's a new name for terror...
In their world adults are not allowed... to live.
But not all dogs stay there!
Weird Is Relative
Desire. Defy. Escape.
Believe everything except your eyes.
Welcome to the world of disorganised crime.
She made him become what he always wanted to be - a lover, a hero, a rich man...and a killer!
You are cordially invited to George and Martha's for an evening of fun and games
She thought babysitting was easy money - until she started hanging out with the Andersons.
If you can't get a date, make one!
Ride across the sea inside the GIANT PINK SEA SNAIL!
What does he become? What kind of monster?
That humble radiant terrific book is now a humble radiant terrific movie.
All the world will be your enemy, Prince with a Thousand Enemies, and when they catch you, they will kill you... but first they must catch you.
Right before your eyes and beyond your wildest dreams.
Another World, Another Time... In the Age of Wonder.
Meet Fievel. In his search to find his family, he discovered America.
Look out pardners, there's a new mouse in town!
There may never be another dawn.
When you're just sixteen anything can happen!
Blane's a pretty cool guy. Andie's pretty in pink. And Ducky's pretty crazy.
The passion burns deep.
At The Dawn Of Mankind, A Woman Led The Way.
Ding dong, You‰Ûªre dead.
It's an all new house with brand new owners
The critics are raving... the natives are restless... and the laughter is non-stop!
This Time, Everybody's Going Crazier.
Saving the World in Style.
Sometimes you have to break the rules to free your heart.
Growing Up is Hard to Do
On her wedding day she was very much in love. Unfortunately, not with the groom.
Guess who's back in the neighborhood?
The shocking true story of Henry Lee Lucas.
Pray for Rosemary's Baby
A boy who needs a friend finds a world that needs a hero in a land beyond imagination!
Begin an all new adventure as a young boy returns to a world of wonder on the wings of his imagination.
Aaargh!...
A modern immorality tale.
Give up three years of their lives or give up the life of their friend. They have eight days to decide.
Part Man. Part Vampire. All Hero.
In the dance of life, love can happen in a heartbeat.
It's not just a movie. It's every movie.
Romance Is Her Destination.
Every Girl Has A Secret Desire
He's guaranteed to put some life in your afterlife.
Your future is set...
There‰Ûªs no body in the family plot.
Just an ordinary necktie used with a deadly new twist.
Hitchcock takes you behind the actual headlines to expose the most explosive spy scandal of the century!
It tears you apart with suspense!
Thief... Liar... Cheat... she was all of these and he knew it!
Somewhere...somewhere there must be the right man!
A little knowledge can be a deadly thing!
A THRILLER with a difference!
Crushed lips don‰Ûªt talk.
It starts with a shriek of a train whistle...and ends with shrieking excitement.
Love held its breath as sudden terror held the stage!
You've never been anywhere until you've been here
The story of three very different women.....with one husband in common.
Adventure doesn't come any bigger than this.
What are you prepared to do?
Revenge is a dish best served DIRTY.
There is no substitute.
Passion has no limits
Cinema for the Ear
In this town, the heat can kill you.
Mystery, murder and passion from the master of suspense!
Six men and three women - against the sea, and each other!
A Blast of DRAMATIC Dynamite exploded right before your eyes!
You'd like to say - IT CAN'T HAPPEN HERE!... but every jolting scene is TRUE!!
Lombard and Montgomery Get Hitched As They're Getting Unhitched !
In his arms she felt safety...in his absence, haunting dread!
Spies! Playing the game of love - and sudden death!
A Brilliant Melodrama
...A Bomb Plot ...A Killing ...Justice
Public Enemy No. 1 of all the world...
See and Hear It - Our Mother Tongue As It Should Be Spoken
Two boxers compete for the love of a woman.
Trust everyone... But always cut the cards.
Don't look for a reason... Look for a way out.
Two innocent outcasts. One incredible friendship.
One man's hero is another man's traitor.
Destiny has big plans for little Simon Birch.
PRE. The way he competed. The way he lived his life.
Terrorized in the Toilets? Chased after school? Shaken down for lunch money? GET A BODYGUARD
The good news is, Jonathan's having his first affair. The bad news is, she's his roommate's mother!
Where dreams have a funny way of coming true.
It's the story of their lives.
Who says you can't do it all in one night?
For anyone who's ever won. For anyone who's ever lost. And for everyone who's still in there trying.
They're her family... Whether she likes it or not.
To know Lloyd Dobler is to love him. Diane Court is about to know Lloyd Dobler.
The stars of Parenthood in comedy about an urban hood finding suburbanhood.
We're all heroes if you catch us at the right moment. Even Bernie Laplante.
Laughter is a state of mind.
Blessed with a gift. Challenged by love.
Warning: This Movie May Be Dangerous To Your Health. You May Never Stop Laughing.
You will not feel the terror until you experience the movie!
He's 16. She's 22. All he wanted was her picture. What he got was... no small affair.
She's the hottest thing on the beach. She's also his best friend's daughter!
They're on the wrong side of the law for all the right reasons.
They're out of school, out on Nantucket, and out of their minds. With this crowd, anything can happen!
Making love was easy...being in love difficult.
The seals have been broken. The prophecies have begun. Now only one woman can halt the end of our world.
Escaped convicts disguised as priests. It'll take a miracle to get away with this one.
All they wanted was a little getaway. All they got was nothing but trouble.
There's Magic In The Air.
Murder is a secret that should never be shared.
A husband. A wife. A millionaire. A proposal.
He had a great job, beautiful wife and a habit the size of Utah.
Love What You Have.
The Fastest Hands in the East Meet the Biggest Mouth in the West.
Everything matters.
Vegas Needs a New King.
The city of lights. A famous American author and the decade that changed a generation...forever.
Your ally could become your enemy.
It Happened To Someone Who Knows Someone You Know... You're Next.
Some killers are strange, some are deranged, and some are just plain psycho.
He never realized how far 35 millimeters would take him.
A woman's dangerous and erotic journey...
Revenge was her reply.
Which side would you be on?
BEWARE! See this movie - An hour later you'll want to see it again!
The Amazing New Warner Bros. Sensation!
Man is The Warmest Place to Hide.
Everything you've heard is true!
His scars run deep.
They've got 24 hours to stop a package, prevent a disaster, and fall in love.
Every ant has his day.
Why be yourself when you can be somebody else?
Score!
After life there is more. The end is just the beginning.
Wanna come to a party?
Hollywood Never Faced a Zanier Zero Hour!
Ten million years in the making. The truth, the whole truth, and everything, but the truth!
Truth, Justice and the Gambini Way
Wild. Wonderful. Sinful. Laughing. Explosive.
Words make sense of a world that won't.
The Comedy Where Nothing's Sacred!
It's the murder capital of the world. And the biggest black rip-off of the decade.
The rich get richer... and sometimes the poor get richer too.
The quest for friendship is the noblest cause of all
"Something wonderful is going to happen"
Love has a language all of its own.
I am not an animal! I am a human being! I... am... a man!
The past has a life of its own.
Chucky Gets Lucky.
For two sisters from a family of witches, falling in love is the trickiest spell of all.
Don't be alarmed... they're professionals.
Finding happiness can be a tragic comedy.
If you don't believe in the existence of evil, you've got a lot to learn.
Nothing is as simple as black and white.
Left for dead on a remote planet for obsolete machines and people, a fallen hero has one last battle to fight
An unforgettable fable that proves love, family and imagination conquer all.
Fighting crime never felt so good!
From the depths of four twisted minds.
From the Master of Evil. Comes a New Breed of Terror
Some Legacies Must End.
Money, power, respect... but who's got your back?
On November 6th our freedom is history
You can mess with him. But don't mess with his water.
Declared illegitimate aged 3. Tried for treason aged 21. Crowned Queen aged 25.
Style matters. Even when it comes to murder.
Someone is dying for a second chance.
Somewhere between L.A. and N.Y. Jake found the meaning of Christmas.
Sooner or later everyone does.
Five sisters embrace the spirit of a people.
Desperate, And Determined To Survive.
Something strange is happening in the town of Stepford.
Charlie and Paulie. Two dreamers fighting to get lucky.
Love Kills.
The story of a betrayed but unquenchable little Roman street-walker.
The story of eight old friends searching for something they lost, and finding that all they needed was each other.
It's not paranoia if they're really after you.
An epic presentation of miniature proportions.
A funny look at people who will do anything to get famous... or stay famous.
He was looking for the father he never knew. She was looking for a second chance.
He's fighting a war he doesn't believe in, hoping to find something he does.
How far would you go to win a fortune!
An exercise in poor taste.
The strange case of a "man" who changed his SEX!
It's Alive!
Your favorite fire breathing monster... like you've never seen him before!
The motion picture screen beckons you to adventure that thrills the emotions with shock and terror!
A Monster of Creation's Dawn Breaks Loose in Our World Today!
The most exciting original motion picture event of all time.
America's biggest hero is back... and he is not happy.
Roberta is desperate to be Susan. Susan is wanted by the mob. The mob finds Roberta instead...
What kind of man would return year after year for ten years to rescue a missing boy from the most savage jungle in the world? His father.
Meet the only guy who changes his identity more often than his underwear.
When there's more trouble than one man can handle...there's more than one man for the job.
A woman and a warrior that became a legend.
When East meets West, the laughs shift into high gear!
For everyone who's ever been deeply in Love or deeply in debt.
Has James Bond finally met his match?
In the blink of an eye, the terror begins.
What an Institution!
To protect, to serve... and make you laugh. America's funniest crimebusters are back!
Run for cover!
On land, on sea, or in the air, no place is safe from them!
Hold everything! The cadets are dropping in on Miami Beach for an all new adventure.
The Grads are going undercover in the city to unmask the mastermind of crime.
This little pig went to the city...
A long shot romance in a short order world.
They've been bad. Very bad.
What he inherited was a sexual awakening...
A new vision of a classic nightmare.
Finding your own voice can be magic.
Sometimes good people do evil things.
Jack Frost is getting a second chance to be the world's coolest dad... if he doesn't melt first.
The battle for paradise has begun.
The Power Is Real.
Love. Expulsion. Revolution.
Love is the only inspiration.
Capture the spirit of Christmas with this timeless classic!
Guess Who's Coming To Town!
They lost the true spirit of Christmas...And found it locked in the heart of one little girl.
... and hell followed with him.
What most people call hell, he calls home.
This time he's fighting for his life.
The first was for himself. The second for his country. This time it's to save his friend.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
She's a girl from the big city. He's a reckless soldier of fortune. For a fabulous treasure, they share an adventure no one could imagine... or survive.
Beyond the innocence of youth, and the wisdom of age, lies the wonder of... Cocoon
This holiday season, journey to the most wonderful place in the universe... home.
Once he fought for a dream. Now he's fighting for love!
The greatest challenge.
He's facing the ultimate challenge. And fighting for his life.
Go for it!
Seven Suspects, Six Weapons, Five Bodies and Three Endings.
Before a lifetime of adventure, they lived the adventure of a lifetime.
Registration starts Friday, June 13, at theaters everywhere.
It's a comedy. And a drama. Just like life.
When fear made her a victim, she turned fear into a weapon.
Only the 'Old One' could teach him the secrets of the masters.
This time, the combat is real.
First it was teacher to student. Then it was father to son. Now, it's man to man.
Yule crack up.
Someone you pass on the street may already be the love of your life.
The extraordinary true story of the rise and fall of the gangster, Martin Cahill.
Every man fights his own war.
Take me to your teacher.
Survival is an instinct.
Merian Cooper's amazing adventure in the unusual!
Laughter is contagious
Be there for the joy. Be there for the tears. Be there for each other.
Justice has its price.
Sometimes, the last place you expected to be is the one place you've always belonged...
Loved for being unique. Hated for being different.
Somewhere down the road is the end of the line.
We live at the abyss.
A woman like Mona can drive men to extremes.
Two sisters. Two lives. One Love...
If romance is a mystery, there's only one way to figure it out.
Science gave him sight. She gave him vision.
You don't have to sleep to dream
It takes a hero to know what's worth winning.
Life on earth is in for a shock.
It doesn't get any grosser than this!
You will believe that a duck can talk.
Pray it's not too late.
There's only one thing more terrifying than the first visit. The second.
A very special love. And a very special magic. But is it real magic or just an illusion?
If she looked upon the horror her husband had become... she would scream for the rest of her life!
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Like Father Like Son
Two of Chicago's Finest?
Undercover. Overdressed. And keeping you safe from the scum of the earth
Who will survive and what will be left of them?
After a decade of silence... The buzzz is back!
He puts the teeth in terror.
If looks could kill, he wouldn't need a chainsaw.
Sam Stone's wife has just been kidnapped... And he doesn't want her back!
What are you afraid of? It's only rock and roll...
There's no one alive who'll play with the girl next door.
Who, in the name of God, is getting away with murder?
An Adventure In Comedy
Knowing what you know now, what would you do differently?
There's a little of him in all of us.
The world's favourite adventurer is back for more! much more!
They're Out To Teach A New World Some Old Tricks.
A comedy with heart and soul
The Hustler isn't what he used to be. But he has the next best thing. A kid who is.
They shouldn't have blackmailed Harry Mitchell. He made them pay - in blood...
...the scars run deep.
A pair of down-and-out fortune hunters cash in on high adventure!
They're Down On Their Luck And Up To Their Necks In Senoritas, Margaritas, Banditos And Bullets!
Gloria. Big mouth. Big attitude. But who knew she had a big heart.
They were "Strange Fruit". Some called them the greatest rock band of the '70s. They haven't played together for 20 years. No wonder they're worried about their performance.
A devilishly dark comedy
These two opposites attract... but EVERYONE'S trying to keep them apart!
A story about getting everything you want and what comes next
What made this the most diabolical murder weapon ever used?
No More Mr. Nice Guy.
Magic opened up their hearts... Love did the rest.
A comedy so real you'll think it's fiction.
Everything you're about to see is true.
A Sublime Trip to a Fine New World
She'd never met anyone like him. He's never met anyone... Period.
A story of love lost and found.
The martian has landed. There goes the neighborhood.
Suck it and see...
Sometimes one dream is enough to light up the whole sky.
Work sucks.
It's 11:59 on New Years Eve... do you know where your date is?
You can't prepare for where the truth will take you.
A love story for the romantically challenged.
He Came. He Sat. He Conquered.
Irresponsible, Unreliable, Unpredictable and totally Irresistible.
Nothing says goodbye like a bullet...
Only Time Could Change the Cruelty of Tradition‰Û_ Only Their Love Could Survive It‰Û_
Sometimes dead is better.
Raise Some Hell.
These children are home alone too. But their parents are never coming back.
An Adult Nightmare is about to show its face in the heart of a city!
How do you kill something that can't possibly be alive?
Ever since two enterprising young men turned the City Morgue into a swinging business, people have been dying to get in.
Consult your doctor! Bring your seat belts!
The #1 novel of the year - now a motion picture!
Something hit us... The crew is dead... Help us, please, please help us!
Flight 23 has crashed in the Bermuda Triangle... passengers still alive, trapped underwater...
Watch out for the Man watching the Rollercoaster
The world's tallest building is on fire. You are there on the 135th floor ... no way down ... no way out.
It lives 50 feet beneath the city. It's 36 feet long. It weighs 2,000 pounds...And it's about to break out!
There's No Place On Earth To Hide!
Westworld ...where robot men and women are programmed to serve you for ...Romance ...Violence ...Anything
The only thing you can't have in Logan's world is your 30th birthday. Unless you run away.
Somewhere in the Universe, there must be something better than man!
An army of civilized apes...A fortress of radiation-crazed super humans...Earth's final battle is about to begin - Beneath the atomic rubble of what was once the city of New York!
The final chapter in the incredible Apes saga. The most suspenseful showdown ever filmed as two civilizations battle for the right to inherit what's left of the earth!
All new! The revolt of the apes. The most awesome spectacle in the annals of science fiction!
Meet baby Milo who has Washington terrified.
Six million tons of icy terror!
When the big one finally hits L.A.
At twice the speed of sound, can the Concorde evade attack?
Before her fate is sealed by the deep, the superliner Poseidon will reveal one last secret.
New York's most powerful gangster is about to get in touch with his feelings. YOU try telling him his 50 minutes are up.
You can't play by the rules if there aren't any.
In the game of seduction, There is only one rule: Never fall in love.
A Disgrace to Criminals Everywhere.
Lessons in love, sex and betrayal.
The search for her son was over. The search for her family was just beginning.
Looks Can Kill
An action packed thrill ride!
You may not believe in ghosts but you cannot deny terror
Two bodies. Two minds. One soul.
A comedy that proves true love never dies.
What Demonic Force Lurks Behind Those Eyes?
Beware the eyes that paralyze!!!
Think innocent. Think helpless. Think again. Naps are history.
Have a Silce of Life
In the bowels of France
He went from the eye of the storm, into the arms of a hurricane.
The All New Animated Family Spectacular Adapted From The Musical By Rodgers And Hammerstein
You Are Who You Eat
They Always Wanted to be Famous... They Never Knew They'd be Wanted!
Born without privilege. Bound by tradition. She found the courage to follow her heart.
More than your eyes have ever seen... More than your heart has ever known!
You'll Dig Doug!
Fame. Be careful. It's out there.
First they broke the law. Now they are the law.
a love story from the writer of "The Full Monty".
It was the summer of Woodstock... when she became the woman she always wanted to be.
Welcome to the Real World.
How do I loathe thee? Let me count the ways.
Tango: do not ever leave me
They fell in love 24 years ago... and in the next 24 hours, they'll remember why.
A weekend wasted is never a wasted weekend.
A Comedy With Class.
Twice the action!
Welcome to Holly Springs... home of murder, mayhem and catfish enchiladas.
This big mouth is ready for the big time
Destiny cannot be denied.
No one's ever been so good at being so bad.
Share it with someone you love.
... can you tell the difference?
A Journey to Love
Life is a journey‰Û_ so choose the right path
God bless America... they're going to need it.
A comedy about a guy who would do anything to get the girl of his dreams - and did!
A comedy about losing control
Reading. Writing. Revenge.
Play it. Live it. Kill for it.
Torn from their jungle paradise... Betrayed by those they trusted... destruction for all!
The trap is set.
The touching story of a boy and his right hand.
Every Seduction Is A Gamble.
The war is over.  But a personal battle continues to rage.
A mother's love leads to murder
They came. They Shopped. They saved the world!
Tonight Park Plaza Mall switches on the world's toughest security force. Absolutely nothing can go wrong...
We must not destroy the world.
Their turf. Their game. Their rules. They didn't count on HIS law...
The legend you know. The adventure you have yet to imagine.
Ordinary Family. Extraordinary Story.
Life is what happens while you're making other plans.
A Journey Of The Heart.
Hold on to Your Heart. Cupid is Armed and Dangerous.
He's a legend in his own mind.
What is the one memory you would take with you?
Every generation has a legend. Every journey has a first step. Every saga has a beginning.
No one knows who sent it. No one knows who it's for. But everyone's getting the same message.
Touched by Genius. Cursed by Madness. Blinded by Love.
They collect for the mob. But they'd rather act. Expect killer performances.
It comes to life!
Torn from the tomb to terrify the world!
HANDS CREEPING LIKE COBRAS! EYES CRAWLING WITH MADNESS! THE MUMMY RUNS AMOK!
Nameless! Fleshless! Deathless!
The tomb of a thousand terrors!
The FEAR of the Year!
The meanest mother of them all
You'll Believe a Man Can Fly!
The Man of Steel meets his match!
If the world's most powerful computer can control even Superman...no one on earth is safe.
Nuclear Power. In the best hands, it is dangerous. In the hands of Lex Luthor, it is pure evil. This is Superman's greatest battle. And it is for all of us.
The story of the strangest passion the world has ever known!
HORROR UPON HORROR in the HOUSE OF DRACULA
All the Screen's Titans of Terror - Together in the Greatest of All SCREEN SENSATIONS!
The man who made a monster.
The black shadows of the past bred this half-man . . . half-demon ! . . . creating a new and terrible juggernaut of destruction !
All new THRILLS!
The creature created by man and forgotten by nature!
BLOOD on his lips...! DOOM in his eyes...! an accursed VAMPIRE!
"His hideous howl a dirge of death!"
It's not over yet.
More terrifying than any horror known to man comes a creeping crawling monster whose towering fury no one can escape!
A Different Set Of Jaws.
We're going to make you LAUGH.
Look Out...It's The Thing
Fantastic sights leap out at you!
Amazing! terrifying! The most savage spectacle of all time!
IT CRUSHES! KILLS! DESTROYS!
... there was nothing to hold onto - except each other.
The terrifying truth about flying saucers!
Every man its prisoner... every woman its slave!
...a savage civilization a million years old, raging with blood-lusting fury!
Science changed him into a monster. Love changed him even more!
Bold! Blunt! Blistering! The battle picture without equal!
Gable and Lancaster make the seas boil in the battle adventure that hits like a torpedo!
Can the most famous film star in the world fall for the man on the street?
Question reality. You can go there even though it doesn't exist.
For anyone who needs a second chance at once upon a time.
In Havana, music isn't a pastime, it's a way of life.
Once You Get There, You'll Never Want To Leave
One Nation. Underfed.
One tragedy destroyed his life. Another one saved it.
Love long and party
The Only Thing More Dangerous Than Death... Is Survival.
I'm back, baby!
Life begins when you snap.
An immortal legend. As you've only imagined.
Go behind the lies.
He just doesn't know it yet.
A beatiful story of a man who could do anything... except be ordinary.
Every second of every day you're faced with a decision that can change your life.
Nature called. Look who answered.
Eight legs, two fangs, and an attitude.
UH-OH.
It's a whole new west.
No one is safe from son of sam
Over the edge and out of control.
Romance... In a most unlikely place.
There's nothing like your first piece.
Your Paranoia Is Real.
Space. It's not as deep as you think.
The scariest movie of all time is a true story.
Imagine a summer in paradise with nothing to do except everything your heart desires.
Cruise. Kidman. Kubrick.
You'll never know what bit you.
From best friends to best men.
*(Not His Real Name)
They ain't afraid of no ghost.
We're back!
The battle between the good and the bad is bound to get ugly.
Some houses are born bad.
The greatest hero ever assembled.
A story about two guys trying to make it in the big city.
Bigger. Smarter. Faster. Meaner.
We're not your classic heroes, we're the other guys.
Catch her if you can.
A different kind of love story.
...Like No Other Picture Since "Scarface" and "Little Caesar"!
Her Soft Mouth Was The Road To Sin-Smeared Violence!
More titanic than any story ever told!
How did they ever make a movie of ...
At long last Redmond Barry became a gentleman - and that was his tragedy.
Angel faces hell-bent for violence.
A Hymn to Life and Love
The psychic comedy that's out of its mind.
He went too far.
Eddie Murphy is the chosen one.
A presidential bodyguard is assigned to protect an objecting first lady, as repeated attempts are made on her life.
Meg just left one. Lenny never had one. Babe just shot one. The MaGrath sisters sure have a way with men
It's about life. It's about love. It's about us.
John's got a half brother... half human... half something else!
When passion and hatred know no limits, expect no mercy.
Don't feed the plants.
The funniest picture of the year!
Richard Chamberlain returns in the sequel to 'King Solomon's Mines'
Last night she drank to forget. Today she woke up to a murder. Is he her last hope or the last man she should trust?
Getting To The Top Means Working Like A Dog!
The CIA is trailing them, the KGB is tracking them, the phone company is tracing them, the police are chasing them, the cowboys are herding them, and the Indians are hunting them.  Are they going to fall for all of that?‰Û
A violent crime. A secret affair. A single witness. And nothing is what it appears to be through... The Bedroom Window
You made your bed... now die in it!
Nick Randall is a loner. A legend. A bounty hunter. He's the best there is at the job he hates.
Her story is shocking, disturbing, compelling... and true.
The unmaking of the president
In the grip of obsession, reason is suspended.
It came from outer space!
Not every gift is a blessing.
How do you get the man who has everything?
He's the target of the most merciless family in New York. His own.
The con is on.
Their graduation present was a trip to paradise, but they never thought they would land in hell.
Kiss The Rules Goodbye.
A delicious romantic comedy.
full on - all night - come on
In A World Where Love Isn't Always Safe, Trust Can Be Deadly.
The Macabre Masterpiece of Terror!
Ghastly Beyond Belief!
Betrayal cuts both ways!
Even on her wedding night she must share the man she loved with the "female thing" that lived in the Tomb of the Cat!
Horror has a face.
A Trilogy of Shock and Horror!
...A Comedy Chiller
Follow the newest cat-and-creature game as played through
If the Motion Picture Industry dies... Monty Python killed it!
The first time was only a warning.
The power of evil is no longer in the hands of a child.
What's slower than a speeding bullet, and able to hit tall buildings at a single bound?
For the ride of your life... All you need for Christmas are your two front seats!
Things are about to get a little hairy.
For over two thousand years, Europe has survived many great disasters. Now for the real test. Chevy Chase & his family are coming from America!
Every summer Chevy Chase takes his family on a little trip. This year he went too far.
Chevy Chase finds life in the country isn't what it's cracked up to be!
You're Only Young Once But For Josh It Might Just Last A Lifetime.
Attila the Hun. Ivan the Terrible. Al Capone. They were all seven once.
Take Off On A Wonderful Adventure With "Little Nemo"
They dared to play the game of love, faith, and chance.
A business on the line. A friendship on the edge. A woman caught in the middle.
Two Supreme Court Justices have been assassinated. One lone law student has stumbled upon the truth. An investigative journalist wants her story. Everybody else wants her dead.
Peace, Harmony, Comfort and Joy... Maybe Next Year.
A romantic comedy you can't refuse
This summer, the teacher from hell is about to get taught a lesson.
Prepare to become obsolete
The future has a bad attitude.
The color of illusion is Perfect Blue.
When Someone SCREAMS ... It Will Be YOU!
His CIA code name is Condor. In the next seventy-two hours almost everyone he trusts will try to kill him.
He turned his back on civilization. Only to discover he had the power to save it.
The real fight is outside the ring.
Prey for the living.
How well do you know the one you love?
From the creator of 'George of the Jungle' comes a new kind of hero
In Goddess we trust.
Two's Company. Three's a Crowd. Four's a Disaster.
This Fall, Action is served on the rocks, with a twist.
Tim's getting a future... whether he likes it or not!
Re-model Your Love Life.
The messenger must be silenced.
In every mind there is a door that should never be opened.
Keeping a relationship alive can be murder
They dreamed of the ghetto...But they woke up in Iowa.
Milo is one lucky cat. He's got nine lives and a best friend.
BIG As The Fog-Shrouded Andes!
Orson Welles' magnificent screening of Shakespeare's immortal tragedy
We're Talkin' Human Experience Here!
Is it wise to talk to strangers?
Alone, far from home, and far from justice, he has three days to learn the truth about a murder...and the truth is a story you won't forget.
If you survive this night... nothing will scare you again.
Hell... has found a new home!
Nightmares... is this year's sleeper.
You May Be the Target... of the Next Phone Call...
Nothing Is Real.
Look closer.
Why stop making sense? Why a movie? Why a big suit? Where do the odd movements come from? What will the band do next?
He's A Cop That's Not.
Billy Chapel must choose between the woman he loves and the game he lives for.
What would you have done if you had been given absolute power of life and death over everybody else in the whole world?
The Beatles, starring in their first full-length, hilarious, action-packed film!
Explore the possibilities...
His Story Will Have You Singing, Laughing, Crying, Cheering And Stomping Your Feet.
There are some very good reasons to be afraid of the dark.
Welcome back...
Broadway's barest, rarest, unsquarest love play.
What did happen on the Cahulawassee River?
Forged by a god. Foretold by a wizard. Found by a king.
Is she real? ..or did he make her up?
Based on the hit Broadway musical, featuring the choreography of Bob Fosse.
She knew his face. His touch. His voice. She knew everything about him... But the truth.
Follow your heart and nothing is impossible.
Your senses will never be the same.
Pray for day.
On his most dangerous mission ever, the world's toughest secret agent isn't going in alone.
Jackie Chan in his greatest adventure ever!
Murder isn't always a crime.
When all hope was lost, he invented it.
Some towns have all the fun.
When it comes to dating, you better watch your step.
He was her first love... she was his last.
The Good, The Bad and The Stinky.
The last guy she wants is the only one she needs.
A Small Town on the Outskirts of Greatness.
It's good to be King.
Escaped convicts disguised as beauty pageant experts? This could get ugly
No possession is sacred.  No secret is safe.
They Robbed The Rich...And That's It
Two runaways and a guardian lion lost in the wilderness... AN INCREDIBLE ADVENTURE!
Carving a legend of greatness from the Blue Ridge to the Rio Grande !
There are very good reasons to be afraid of the dark.
The Amazing Characters in Jonathan Swift's Immortal Fantasy Come To Life !
Once there was a man whose prison was a chair. The man had a monkey, they made the strangest pair. The monkey ruled the man, it climbed inside his head. And now as fate would have it, one of them is dead.
If this one doesn‰Ûªt scare you, you‰Ûªre already dead.
It's 22 years later, and Norman Bates is finally coming home.
Norman Bates is back to normal. But Mother's off her rocker again!
A woman without shame. A woman without soul.
Akira Kurosawa's Powerful and Newest Japanese Masterpiece
In a perfect world...they never would have met.
Dare to dream.
A true story about finding the courage to be yourself.
Love or honor? How can one choose?
Vengeance knows no boundaries.
A How-To-Do-It Guide.
Innocence is bliss. See the world through her.
Time of your life, Huh Kid.
They stole his mind, now he wants it back.
As the temperature rises, the suspense begins.
One man's struggle to take it easy.
A love caught in the fire of revolution.
The Gone With the Wind of art films
Welcome to Hell
The hanging was the best show in town. But they made two mistakes. They hung the wrong man and they didn't finish the job!
The Original Kung Fu Comedy!
Bertolucci's Masterpiece about Sex and Politics
The world was in a mess... but their hair was perfect!!
A story of the most precious moments in woman's life!
The story of one man's search for himself.
Not since Gone With The Wind has there been a great romantic epic like it!
Your eyes... Your ears... Your senses... will be overwhelmed.
Barbara Stanwyck has Henry Fonda Bewitched and Bewildered
The Creator of "Lady Eve" brings you his latest and most lilting laugh-fest!
Somewhere Between The Insane And The Unreal Lies The Mystery Of The Man Facing Southeast.
A raging torrent of emotion that even nature can't control!
There NEVER was a woman like Gilda!
There is nothing you can name that is anything like... [South Pacific]
When the dancer becomes the dance.
Train them! Excite them! Arm them!...Then turn them loose on the Nazis!
The mystery that led her into a world of incredible danger.
Stop worrying! HELP! is on the way!
Everything he touches turns into excitement!
The world's masters of murder pull out all the stops to destroy Agent 007!
NOW meet the most extraordinary gentleman spy in all fiction!
A sensuous story of natural love.
In his own way he is perhaps, the most dangerous man who ever lived!
When good luck is a long shot, you have to hedge your bets.
He's up past his bedtime in the city that never sleeps.
There's only one way out, and 100 fools stand in the way!
He's Too Fast, Two Fisted ...
Where protection ends, obsession begins.
Sometimes When You're Going Home, It's Important To Know Where You've Come From...
Mischief. Mayhem. Soap.
Life Gets Complicated When You Love One Woman And Worship Eleven Men
A WOMAN'S SHAME...Out in the Open!
All the dreams you've ever had and not just the good ones.
See It With Someone You Love!
All that work. All that glitter. All that pain. All that love. All that crazy rhythm. All that jazz.
A film about humanity.
They will suck you dry
All's fair in the war of love.
Tonight it's for sex. Tomorrow it's for real.
No One Is Too Pretty to Die!
Tonight, while the world is asleep... an ancient evil is about to awaken.
The spy story of the century.
Take a trip at 265 mph
Part man. Part machine. All cop. The future of law enforcement.
He's back to protect the innocent.
It's the story of a man, a woman, and a rabbit in a triangle of trouble.
Poor Melvin. All he wanted was to be Milkman of the Month. Instead, he lost his job, his truck, and his wife. Then Howard Hughes left him $156,000,000.
No one comes close to James Bond, 007.
His bad side is a dangerous place to be.
Roger Moore is James Bond.
He's pure evil, pure power, pure terror
Look up!  Look down!  Look out!
Evil loves to party.
She gave them a gift they could never imagine. They gave the system a fight it would never forget.
Ever wanted to be someone else? Now you can.
He's Yesterday's Answer To Today's World.
The Fate Of The World Rests On The Courage Of One Warrior.
Never before has a girl done so much with so little.
One thousand brides. One hundred million dollars. Jimmie Shannon is about to discover the true value of love.
Serial killer vs. forensic genius
Two men driven to tell the truth... whatever the cost.
It's not the end of the world... there's still six hours left.
People are the ultimate spectacle.
Date. Mate. Re-animate.
He's mad, he's bad, and he's Bustin' Loose!
Imagine your life hangs by a thread. Imagine your body hangs by a wire. Imagine you're not imagining.
The Most Fun You'll Ever Have... BEING SCARED!
When the curtain goes up, the terror begins.
Herbert West has a good head on his shoulders... and another on his desk.
A Tale Of Urban Reality
Pay to get in. PRAY to get out.
Buster drives "The General" to trainload of laughter. (Trade paper ad).
A hideous death lurked unseen in the river...
A former deputy and a strong-willed widow determine to stop a ruthless town boss.
You'll never get out in one piece!
A romantic film amorously devoted to every man who ever gave the back of his hand to his beloved...and to every woman who deserved it!
A terrorist holds New York in a grip of fear - and only Stallone can take him on.
Better if all these men were dead. Think about it!
The Devil's back. But he's never dealt with an exorcist like this!
The World Is Dead. One Survivor. Then The Others. Crawling In Darkness. The Strangest Sect Of All. *Hunting The Last Man On Earth.*
May the schwartz be with you
Meet Robin Hood and his MERRY MENagerie!
All The Uproarious Fun Of the Smash Broadway Play!
Either The Most Neglected Hero In History Or A Liar Of Insane Proportion!
POWER! He loved it! He took it raw in big gulpfuls...he liked the taste, the way it mixed with the bourbon and the sin in his blood!
Some very funny business.
When this lot go back to nature, nature runs for it's life.
The insanity continues...
Rudy struck out two summers in a row... this will be his year to score!
There's only one thing wilder, crazier and sexier then last summer - this summer.
A Mystery About True Love...And Certain Death.
Who knew so many little people would throw such a huge party?
"There's been some marvelous advances in surgery, thanks to war!"
A story of a mother who knows best... and a daughter who knows better.
It can be Hell getting into Heaven
The PokÌ©mon Match of All Time is Here.
A comedy about passion, murder and things that can only happen in the movies.
Jungle Beast or Man of Science?
Although the home of cabinet minister Arthur Bennett is a hotbed of spies, moles, and double agents, no one knows the true identity of notorious German spymaster Strendler.
They had nothing to lose, they risked it all.
This is the day that changed the world... When history held its breath.
What Ivy wants, Ivy gets.
All the rules are about to be broken.
The incredible attack on Pearl Harbor.
The doctors want to settle, the Church wants to settle, their lawyers want to settle, and even his own clients are desperate to settle. But Galvin is determined to defy them all. He will try the case.
Beings from Another Dimension have invaded your world.
At a tough school, someone had to take a stand...and someone did. Together, one teacher and one class proved to America they could...
It was the right thing. It was the wrong thing. It was the only thing their hearts would allow.
His Mountain. His Peace. His Great Hunts. His Young Bride. With All That, It Should Have Been Different.
The nightmare world of a virgin's dreams becomes the screen's shocking reality!
A story of passion, bloodshed, desire and death... everything, in fact, that makes life worth living.
You're only young once, but you remember forever.
The future is as screwed up as the past.
Heads will roll.
As the countdown begins for the new millennium there is still one number you can always count on.
Part of every woman is a mother/actress/saint/sinner. And part of every man is a woman.
The spirits will move you in odd and hysterical ways.
The Wonderful Pulitzer Prize Play... becomes one of the Great Motion Pictures of our Time!
A man and his son search for a stolen bicycle vital for his job.
It takes more than guns to kill a man.
Name your poison
The most discussed book in years - now comes to the screen to become the most discussed picture in ages
She wanted her breakfast in bed - but not alone.
Quiet, Unassuming, Perfect
He lived for a dream that wouldn't die.
The Story of an American Family.
A look that led to an evening. A mistake he'll regret...FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE.
When a murder case is this shocking, which do you trust... your emotions or the evidence?
Some people need love spelled out for them.
This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
There is no such thing as a simple miracle.
Silently behind a door, it waits.
A Modern Day Tale About The Search For Love, Sanity, Ethel Merman And The Holy Grail.
He might be able to hold back the river. But could he hold back the greed of man?
The story of a woman fighting for her children, for her land, for the greatest dream there is...the future.
Prepare for the end.
The toys are back!
Worlds apart... bound by desire.
In a No-man's Land between North and South, You didn't fight for the Blue or the Grey... You fought for your friends and family.
They ran away from everything but each other.
They came to play, they stayed to die.
From con man to congressman
Who will be his NEXT victim... YOU?
Where the railroad and civilization ended, the Sante Fe Trail began!
He had only one thing on his mind... but so did she!
A woman's life falls apart after she's blamed for an accident on her property.
Take one Wall Street tycoon, his Fifth Avenue mistress, a reporter hungry for fame, and make the wrong turn in The Bronx...then sit back and watch the sparks fly.
A Great Drama of Human Emotions
The bravest thing he would ever do was let his family love him.
The Last Charge of the Calcutta Light Horse
Stealing hearts, stealing laughs, stealing memories
They say money makes the world go round. But sex was invented before money.
Out of violence, compassion. Out of suspicion, trust. Out of hell, hope.
Is this the girl next door?
He charges $10 but he‰Ûªs willing to negotiate.
Miracles do happen.
A story about how far we must travel to find the place where we belong.
Hunting for buried treasure was never this much fun.
When the worst of men hides in a family with no history.
Anarene, Texas, 1951. Nothing much has changed...
8th Wonder of the Screen!
Having a wonderful time In Tokyo!
One robot's 200 year journey to become an ordinary man.
The Little Family Just Got Bigger
Things fall down. People look up. And when it rains, it pours.
Gilbert & Sullivan & So Much More
He's a cop who reached the Boiling Point
Off the comics onto the big screen...
Everyone needs to be loved - sometime or another.
A man went looking for America and couldn‰Ûªt find it anywhere...
They came from the best of families. And they committed the worst of crimes.
A Savage Story of lust and ambition
History's Greatest Epic...On the Screen at Last!
Play or be Played.
Hello, my name is Andy and this is my movie.
A comedy of Galactic Proportions.
How far would you go to become someone else?
The suburbs make the hood look good.
His greatest fight was for justice.
If you think you know Shakespeare... Think again.
Never underestimate the power of a woman.
From the director of 'Shine'
The crazy thing is, you're not crazy.
When America Needed Heroes, A Jewish Slugger Stepped To The Plate.
Every family needs an optimist.
In the farthest reaches of space, something has gone terribly wrong.
Her death will not be ordinary.
Everything seemed so important then .. even love!
THE STAR-SPANGLED, LAUGH-LOADED SALUTE TO OUR P.W. HEROS!
He didn't want to share the murder investigation. There's no way he's going to share his daughter.
The greatest adventure of escape!
From Your Pal, Columbia!
No *#@!!* Navy's going to give some poor **!!@* kid eight years in the #@!* brig without me taking him out for the time of his *#@!!* life.
He rode the fast lane on the road to nowhere.
High seas. Deep terror. Try to stay calm.
If they survive...will we?
STARE INTO THESE EYES... discover deep within them the unspeakable terrifying secret of BLACK SUNDAY... it will paralyze you with fright!
His Adventures . . . Like His Loves . . . Were Great and Exciting !
See it before they make the sequel!
Fast Cars, Fast Girls, Fast Carrots...Fast Carrots?
A family torn apart. A public filled with outrage. A woman accused of murder.
The Dark Knight fights to save Gotham city from its deadliest enemy.
Two brothers challenge the road. And life itself.
It lasted 30 days...You will remember it as long as you live.
A Psycho-Sexadelic Horror Freakout!
Is the price of stardom a broken heart?
Where terror lives.
Temptress from the sea‰Û_ loving‰Û_ killing!
Haunting. Erotic. Unforgettable.
A new comedy about giving first love a second chance.
She Had Everything You Could Give A Woman To Torment A Man!
Seven laughs a minute!
Two Girls Go Stark Mod!
A head of his time
Obsession is in the eye of the beholder.
Talent Isn't Everything...
He saw. He combed. He conquered.
Buddhism is their philosophy. Soccer is their religion.
When the stone age meets the rock age.
Thank you Neil Simon for making us laugh at falling in love...again.
No booze! No sex! No drugs!... No way!
Trust is her weapon. Innocence her opportunity. Revenge her only desire.
They survived the impossible...by doing the unthinkable.
Col. Frank Slade has a very special plan for the weekend!
You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll hurl.
You'll laugh again! You'll cry again!! You'll hurl again!!!
To achieve the incredible, you have to attempt the impossible.
Not for honor. Not for country. For his wife and child.
Never let her out of your sight. Never let your guard down. Never fall in love.
In one small bottle... The fountain of youth. The secret of eternal life. The power of an ancient potion. Sometimes it works... sometimes it doesn't.
What they needed was a country big enough for their dreams.
Love is a game. Easy to start. Hard to finish.
Meet Laura Palmer... In a town where nothing is as it seems... And everyone has something to hide.
It ain't easy being this good.
She knows a sucker when she sees one.
As a cop, he has brains, brawn, and an instinct to kill.
He didn't come looking for trouble, but trouble came looking for him.
Time waits for no man, but true love waits forever.
The King of the Rink is about to meet America's Ice Queen.
We have a dream. Someday, we'll have a little house and a couple of acres. A place to call home.
Gambler. Thief. Junkie. Killer. Cop.
Someone has taken their love of trilogies one step too far.
Living with a roommate can be murder.
Thy Kingdom Come. Thy Will Be Done.
The Agency's best has a bad case of nerves.
LADIES... Let's get it on!
What goes on in this nursery isn't for kids!
All Brandon wanted was to be one of the guys; unfortunately he was a girl.
Expect the Unexpected
Somewhere on this planet it must exist.
Roads closed. Schools shut. Rules were made to be frozen!
In her village, she was the teacher. In the city, she discovered how much she had to learn.
History of death in your new house?
Be careful what you ask for...
The Most Startling Story The Screen Has Ever Dared Reveal!
Meet the maniac & his friend. Together they make the greatest team in the history of the mass slaughter in...
A story as fresh as the girls in their minis... and as tough as the kids from London's East End!
Welcome to the new American dream.
Every family has a few hang-ups.
Don't be afraid of the dark. Be afraid of what's in the dark
In the heart of suburbia, a hit man with heart has just moved in.
A comic collision of chaos and coincidence
Whatever became of the American Dream?
The most sinister love story ever told!
True Blind Love
A legend in his own neighborhood.
In his First Million Dollar Picture
6 reels of Joy.
THE MAN who was magnificent in
1949... a neat time to be young! - to be a McCulloch!
MAMMOTH REDWOOD WILDERNESS -- TREASURE PILED TO THE SKY!
Love...Fun...Youth...Set to Music!
The trap is set. The game is on.
Undependable. Unpredictable. Unforgettable.
the few, the proud, the paroled.
Why should smart people get all the money?
The death of Mona Dearly wasn't so much a whodunnit, as a who didn't.
Best Friends Make The Best Mistakes
To save his planet, an alien must find a woman on Earth to have his baby. There's just one problem.
All assassins live beyond the law ‰Û_ only one follows the code
There is a miracle in being young...and a fear.
School's out...But Bobby's education has just begun
The story of three consenting adults in the privacy of their own home.
A storm of fear and fury in the sizzling Florida Keys !
Danger! These girls are hot!
The Story of Hitler's England
He smashed up his desk, gave up a wife, three mistresses and went back to the simple life. Then his troubles really started!
Captain Stransky, you are the rest of my platoon
It's Here AT LAST!
On the Seventh Day, He got Creative.
You'll Recoil and Shudder as You Witness the Slaughter and Mutilation of Nubile Young Girls - in a Weird and Horrendous Ancient Rite!
Finding friendship is the wildest adventure of all.
Fiendish is the word for it!
They Thought He Couldn't Do the Job. That's Why They Chose Him.
Locked in the cold asylum of his mind - a sane man stalks his prey...
The Prize-Winning Drama that Warms the Screen with its People and its Passions...
Madmen crazed for carnage!
In L.A., The Law Is Still For Sale.
For five desperate Irishmen, the perfect girl is abroad.
Let There Be Life.
Every book has a life of its own.
The first true story of what happens after you die.
The movie that tells you exactly what you can do with your high school diploma!
They needed a second chance to finish first.
Romance is a lot like baseball. It's not whether you win or lose. It's how you play the game.
The most bizarre bank siege ever
Where were you in '62?
The City Under the City
He had to find her... he had to find her...
What they did to each other was nothing compared to what they did to the enemy!
Big they fought! Big they loved! Big their story!
"This Land is Your Land, This Land is My Land, From California to the New York Island. This land was made for you and me."
The fight was against the raiders... but the feud was between themselves!
The shot heard 'round the world!
The Biggest Story of Our Time!
Love sex insanity. Thank God you're only young once.
We are going to kill one passenger a minute until New York City pays us 1 million dollars.
Ready or not, here they come.
The story that won‰Ûªt go away.
Nerves of steel. Body of iron. Brain of stone.
When You Can't Believe Your Eyes, Trust Your Heart.
An adventure about the hero in all of us
A romantic adventure for the dangerous at heart.
A funny thing happened on the way to the bus station.
A date with her is every man's dream come true. And with dreams like her - who needs nightmares?
They're a couple on the run... from each other.
More entertaining than humanly possible.
It's Big Adventure! It's Big Laughs! It's Big Bird on the Big Screen!
Wish for a dinosaur and watch all your dreams come true.
They've found the Titanic. There's just one thing left to do...
TITANIC in Emotion...in Spectacle...in Climax...in Cast!
The night the unsinkable sank
The sun never sets on his world of adventure.
She brought a small town to its feet and a huge corporation to its knees.
No accidents. No coincidences. No escapes. You can't cheat death.
From Ragga to Riches.
He's an orphan... at the start of a journey. A journey to survive.
Wanted By Two Women! One For Love! One For Murder!
The price they pay when they come out of their secret garden and face the world in modern-day Hong Kong - makes this one of the screen's unforgettable experiences!
MAN OF NINE LIVES AND 1000 SURPRISES!
Somebody said get a life... so they did
It was the Deltas against the rules... the rules lost!
A Seriously Sexy Comedy
It's the hottest day of the summer. You can do nothing, you can do something, or you can...
Before "Dirty Harry"... there was Coogan.
The most poignant love-triangle of all - a father, his son, and the woman who came between them.
Vigilante, city style -- Judge, Jury, and Executioner
First His Wife. Now His Daughter. It's Time To Even The Score!
He's back in New York bringing justice to the streets...
This time it's war!
No judge. No jury. No appeals. No deals.
From the Moment they met it was Murder!
When a girl has a heart of stone, there's only one way to melt it. Just add Ice.
Heroes in a half shell!
Cowabunga, it's the new turtle movie.
The Turtles Are Back....In Time.
They're back on the mean streets. But this time, they're the good guys.
Freedom is just a word‰Û_ until you lose it.
The true story of an American ninja.
China . . . . Land of unrest . . . tomorrow they may Starve !
Time to rock it from the Delta to the DMZ!
Can a court determine how we should live, how we should love, how we should raise our children? Now Anna must prove that she is the Good Mother.
The best of enemies until something came between them.
A love story of today
In the city ruled by criminals, two families have forgotten their fear. He will make them remember.
How low will they go to get the girls of their dreams?
Sometimes love has a life of it's own.
His courage brought them together. Her desire tore them apart.
Conjure up your deepest, darkest fear... now call that fear to life.
They'll scare your pants off!
Evil is inherent in the human mind, whatever innocence may cloak it...
He stands alone as the greatest entertainer of modern times! No one on earth can make you laugh as heartily or touch your heart as deeply...the whole world laughs, cries and thrills to his priceless genius!
In the year 2050, the battle to save the earth will be fought on the sun.
The story of four souls who needed a body and one guy who needed some soul.
The man with the barbed-wire soul.
They called him Fast Eddie. He was a winner. He was a loser. He was a hustler.
It's all about the fabulous "Monkey Trial" that rocked America!
Kurosawa's Academy Award Winning Masterpiece
We are not alone.
300 years old! Human blood keeps them alive forever!
Young people asking so much of Life... taking so much of Love!
The most frightening thing about Jacob Singer's nightmare is that he isn't dreaming.
They're selling music but not selling out.
Born into poverty. Destined for stardom. He lived the American dream.
No force in Heaven will release them. No power on Earth can save them.
It's about falling in love.  For the first time.
A comedy about fear of commitment, hating your job, falling in love and other pop favorites.
They came for the gold... they stayed for the adventure.
Getting in is easy. Getting out is a killer.
Invasion from Outer Space!...Sights too weird to imagine! Destruction too monstrous to escape!
It's The Big One With The Big Two!
The Blaze Of The Sun Made Him A Monster!
What if Peter Pan grew up?
A nightmare of terror travelling aboard the Horror Express!
He fell in love with the help... Beverly Hills will never be the same.
"An eye for an eye-a hate for a hate-that my girl, is the law of the tribe."
It saturates the screen with terror!
The strangest trio ever to track a killer
They weren't born to be wild. It just turned out that way.
Prices are double. Your love life's in trouble. The car won't start. Your boss has no heart. The door squeaks. The roof leaks. Your stereo just went mono. All you need is a little Max Dugan.
Walk into the incredible true experience of Billy Hayes, and bring all the courage you can!
Paul Sheldon used to write for a living. Now, he's writing to stay alive.
It's lonely at the middle.
Just when you think you've found the right guy, someone even worse comes along.
Every moment counts.
Not since the dawn of time has America experienced a man like Howard Beale!
Is it a crime of passion, or an act of treason?
Wait till you see the weird part.
Even More Funny On The Screen... Than It Was As A Broadway And City-To-City Stage Smash!
...an army of one.
What happens when you mix it up?
The future is listening.
They're headed to the big time...face first.
A comedy straight from the heart
A hero should never have to stand alone.
I deserve the best and I accept the best.
Getting Here is Half the Fun
Nothing Lasts Forever
He didn‰Ûªt get mad‰Û_ He got even.
Not everyone who drinks is a poet, some of us drink because we're not.
A man's tradition every woman should know about.
A comedy about life, love and the gentle art of raising children.
If it bleeds, we can kill it...
A story about the memories that haunt us, and the truth that sets us free.
You Will Feel The Heat
The Life of the Party... before she got a life.
I think my mask of sanity is about to slip.
If you have to believe in something, you may as well believe in love.
They make their money the old-fashioned way. They steal it.
A comedy of families, a chip shop... and a very randy dog.
A Sex Pistols film - uncut, unseen, unbelievable.
What if you had two lives at once. What if you knew that one life took place only in your dreams. What if you didn't know which life was real.
Suddenly, life was more than French fries, gravy, and girls.
Loved by children. Desired by women. Adored by bartenders everywhere.
Life is a Cabaret
Sister Sister, Oh So Fair! Why Is There Blood All Over Your Hair?
Tops the Best-Seller!  Tops the Play! The One and Only
It's a living breathing doll of a musical !
Nothing Human Loves Forever
One man's dangerous attempts to clear his father's name.
The snobs against the slobs!
It can turn you on, or turn on you.
All's fair in love and basketball.
Heroes are ordinary men who do extraordinary things in extraordinary times.
Beautiful, mysterious, haunting, invariably fatal. Just like life.
Is anyone there?
GINA AND MONTAND TURN DESIRE INTO FIRE WHERE THE HOT WIND BLOWS!
The masterpiece of laughter and tears from the master of comedy!
Don't let their disguise fool you...just hope it fools everyone else!
She'll get what she wants... no matter what it takes!
For Vengeance, For Justice, For Love.
Get ready to rock!
Laughter is harder... Friendship is stronger... Trust is deeper... When it comes from the heart.
two brothers, four women and the search for Magnetic Perfection
Four cameras. One take. No edits. Real time.
Driven to extinction. Back for revenge.
Extinction is a thing of the past.
Terror will never be extinct.
It's only human on the outside...
A Hero Will Rise.
Sometimes the adventure of a lifetime becomes life itself.
The Weekend has Landed!
He's the last man on earth any woman needs - but every woman wants...
A true-life spy story of ultimate suspense. High speed and inconceivable bravery!
He's got the look... He's got the talent... He's got the Idolmaker... He's got it all!
Before tenebrae, beyond suspiria there is... Inferno
When was the last time someone gave you a hickey?
When mom goes to work, dad goes berserk!
Take Back The Planet
Life doesn't hold tryouts.
Never underestimate the power of a woman.
Passion, Betrayal, Revenge, A hostile takeover is underway.
ON WAVES OF SONG, LAUGHTER AND ROMANCE ! TWO LOVE-LOST SAILORS ON A FOUR-DAY LEAVE OF FUN AND FRIVOLITY !
Ecstatic romance... Exotic Dances... Exciting music IN THE WORLD'S LUSHEST PARADISE OF SONG!
Wayward Texas Cowboy in Hawaii
Elvis scores... A Singing Triumph... And A Romantic Hit!
Is he? Or isn't he?
Let this tuneful Broadway classic entertain you.
Back on screen for the first time in a year!
They Paint The Town With Joy!
A boy turned Indian, a trooper turned deserter and ROSIE, a camel turned IMPOSSIBLE!
The story of a rebel and his bike.
Elvis Presley as a Roving, Restless, Reckless, ROUSTABOUT
Walt Disney goes South American in his gayest musical Technicolor feature
You'll forget every other love story you ever saw . . . or sang to.
Dealing with the mob is always a gamble.
A comedy about one bride, two grooms, and a wedding party you won't believe.
You have never seen anything like this.
Dare to be different.
The greatest college tradition of all.
They took a bite out of crime
Murder. Evil. Infidelity. Madness.
A wild and hilarious chase for a fortune in jewels.
Expect the impossible again.
The old west meets the far east.
A Digital Odyssey into Electronic Dance Culture
When sexual desire becomes an obsession, it's every man for himself.
She Escaped Death. Now It Wants Her Back!
Strong Brave Men Flying in the Face of Death that We may Live ...
The World's Greatest Laughing Picture!
Every corner of the soul is lost to the icy clutch of the supernatural!
A Comedy of Murders
Far up! Far out! Far more! James Bond 007 is back!
The astounding story of an astounding military plot to take over the United States! The time is 1970 or 1980 or, possibly, tomorrow!
It's the BIGGEST. It's the BEST. It's BOND. And B-E-Y-O-N-D.
Outer space now belongs to 007.
The man with the golden gun is ready to assassinate James Bond.
The king of comedians!
The thrilling story of America's supermen!
A drama of undying love.
This FBI agent is going undercover... and he's concealing more than a weapon.
His Spirit could never be Broken
See It With Someone Brave! -- A Timeless Terror to Freeze You to Your Seats!
His business is pleasure!
The eyes of the city are mine.
Till Death Do They Part!
And the dead shall rise and walk the earth!
The Greatest High Adventure Ever Filmed!
Don't answer this ad... Don't... don't... don't...
The Loves of Pandora in Flaming TECHNICOLOR!
World in panic! Cities in flames!
A horrible enemy from the unknown strikes terror across the earth!
Evil comes in all sizes!
They're Back! No Strings Attached!
When Good Puppets Go Bad
When Bad Puppets Turn Good
Puppets Vs. An All New Evil!
Four Years Ago, the Puppets of Andre Toulon Vanished Without a Trace. Now The Puppets have Found a New Home, And a New Puppet Master.
The Legacy Begins ...
Deadlier than Dirty Harry, faster than Cobra
No ordinary love story...
Something weird's on the air.
The mightiest action drama ever filmed !
Never give a saga an even break!
Benji's Back! In the most exciting adventure of his life!
The world's most huggable hero.
Joyous entertainment for every season, any year!!!!
Where your nightmares end...
A world beyond words.
It's more than music...it's a way of life.
The man with no name is back... the man in black is waiting... a walking arsenal - he uncoils, strikes and kills!
A man's got to know his limitations.
Breaking up is hard to do.
For 31 years it's been just the Fabulous Baker Boys... but times change.
Some lines shouldn't be crossed.
Keep an eye out for the funniest movie about growing up ever made!
If you thought the night before was funny, wait till you see the next day.
The final conflict
You won't believe what goes on and what comes off in... Private School
He was 98lbs. of solid nerd until he became...
The good news is your date is here.  The bad news is.. he's dead.
Silent. Invisible. Invincible. He's in town with a few days to kill.
A game nobody survives. But Schwarzenegger has yet to play.
In 1977 Voyager II was launched into space, inviting all lifeforms in the universe to visit our planet. Get ready. Company's coming.
Prepare Yourself.
The Maximum Force Of The Future
When all that's left is one last chance, pray that he's still out there ... somewhere!
Two men enter. One man leaves.
He's every woman's dream and one woman's nightmare
Harry Angel has been hired in search for the truth. Pray he doesn't find it.
They Broke Every Rule
Will she have the power... to survive?
They feast on your fear - and it's dinner time.
It's Time For
She was their teacher. They were her hope.
All that glitter... All that glamour... All that dirt.
A story of an incredible friendship.
A first rate comedy about a second story woman.
An earthquake is about to hit L.A. It's called Detective Rita Rizoli.
Ice Cold, Hot Wired.
A new spin on the old song and dance
There is a first time for everything!
The extraordinary adaptation of Shakespeare's classic tale of vengeance and tragedy.
A man who believed in war! A man who believed in nothing! And a woman who believed in both of them!
All those years, all those dreams, all those sons... one of them is going to be a star.
L.A.'s deadliest street gang just declared war on the cops.
In one hot hungry kiss, he gave her everlasting love. She gave him everlasting life.
All it takes to bring him down is one bullet... one woman or... One False Move.
The mob wanted Harlem back. They got shaft...up to here.
Harry Caul is an invader of privacy. The best in the business.
Cutter does everything his way. Fighting. Loving. Working. Tracking down a killer.
An experience in terror and suspense.
You have to choose between the girl you love and the diploma you've worked for all your life. You have 30 seconds.
A cop is turning. Nobody's safe.
Many of his fellow officers considered him the most dangerous man alive - An honest cop.
Rough, tough Chuck Tatum, who battered his way to the top ... trampling everything in his path - men, women and morals !
Life can never cage a man like this!
Every cop in the state was after her. Everybody else was behind her.
Adventure doesn't come any bigger!
In 1959 a lot of people were killing time. Kit and Holly were killing people.
Revolution is the only lawful, equal, effectual war. It was in Russia that this war was declared and begu
Warning: Sex Changes Everything
Still the man, any questions?
When Earth Ends, The Adventure Begins.
Stop and taste the world.
It's a game of two pubs!
This ain't no chick flick. It's poultry in motion.
From gentle to mental.
Some things are worth fighting for.
This summer it's not the same old bull.
The storm is coming.
You have nothing to lose but your mind
The true story of one man's terrifying journey into the unknown.
It's Got That DISNEY MAGIC!
This movie is totally out of control!
An epic story of three brothers. Bound by blood. Divided by fate. Driven by destiny.
Blood-hungry spawn of the world's most bestial fiend!
Murder by Illusion
The Deadly Art of Illusion
The war's not over until the last man comes home.
Chuck Norris is back! A one-man time bomb set to explode!
He's fighting for everyone who can't fight back.
Thunderbolt‰Û_ the man with the reputation. Lightfoot‰Û_ the kid who's about to make one!
Close your eyes and the adventure begins.
Dynarama Means Supreme Adventure!
When you chop - Aim well! Don't slip! And just make sure - She doesn't drip!
If they get caught it's all over. If they don't, it's just the beginning!
Happy Comedy Musical
She's the queen of a Hollywood tong - and a queen, friends, can do nothing wrong! Her public she serves By displaying those curves..She's a miracle in a sarong!
They found romance 100,000 miles from the earth!
The screen's first story of man's conquest of space!
Shaft is stickin' it...all the way.
Last time he was nice. This time he's ice!
Life's a Gamble
Nobody ever grows up quite like they imagined.
No mercy. No shame. No sequel.
A Comedy Of Sexual Disorientation.
Michelangelo Antonioni's first British film
Are you feeling it?
Emotions . . . As Violent As The Wind-Swept Prairie !
Evolution Begins
REMEMBER THOSE GAMES WE USED TO PLAY?
What would you do to get in?
He was the perfect husband until his one mistake followed them home.
One Person Can Make All The Difference!
Their idea of foreplay was murder
No search of human emotions has ever probed so deeply, so truthfully as ... Anatomy of a Murder.
Don't let the future pass you by.
He's got the boogie on his fingers & the hubba-hubba in his soul!
Some like it H.O.T.S.!
The Games...The Romance...The Spirit...Camelot is a state of mind.
A Giant of a movie
New!! Sinbad's Boldest And Most Daring Adventure!
Suddenly, Love Becomes Lust... Innocence becomes shame... As two women are trapped by violent passion and unforgettable terror!
Bob's a special kind of friend. The kind that drives you crazy!
Crime Drama Thriller
Our Moving Story
It's the prize romantic laugh of the year... more fun than winning the POT O' GOLD!
Little Engines CAN Do Big Things...
The Klumps are back!
He fell in love for the first time. She fell in love forever.
This party never ends.
What would you do if you knew you couldn't be seen?
Space will never be the same.
Fall in love... With the beat
Party till you drop. Dead.
This is the night of the nightmare
Alive... without a body... fed by an unspeakable horror from hell!
The most outrageous of 'em all.
He thought it was just a crush. He was dead wrong.
They set out to rob a bank... and damn near won a war instead!
The ball is back!
You Can't Go Forward Until You've Gone Back.
For each of man's evils a special demon exists...
The few. The proud. The totally insane.
‰Û_you won't be coming home!
The funniest movie ever to make you cry.
...but the devil invented Brigitte Bardot!
No cheating! No gambling! No booze! No smoking! No pizza! No nothin'! We are taking all the fun out of life... and putting it into a movie!
The most dreaded Nazi of them all!
A Savage Crime. A Silent Witness.
A horrific tale...with grave consequences!
Why do women find this man irresistible?
Sister Forever
Mankind's last hope just turned six.
Demented Forever!
When crime is all you know, you've got to take what you can.
Throw the ball. Catch the girl. Keep it simple.
He came. He saw. He conquered. One sister at a time.
Enter The Mind Of A Killer
Get ready to crumble.
We Got Jokes
The ultimate address for a dream
The Villain. Even Mother Teresa wanted him dead.
If you see only one movie this year...you ought to get out more often
Their love affair was the talk of our town!
The Greatest Story Of The West Ever Filmed!
Suddenly, last summer, Cathy knew she was being used for something evil!
It's That Way-Out Whopper Of A Funny Western...A She-Bang To End All She-Bangs!
A Man... A Woman... A Dog... The perfect combination for romance...
The beauty of woman . . . the demon of darkness . . . the unholy union of
These Guys Make The Sopranos Sing!
From out of another galaxy and into your hearts comes... Supergirl
It rises from 2000 miles below the earth to melt everything in it's path!
Who is your foe?
After Woody Guthrie and before Bob Dylan came Ramblin' Jack Elliott.
May the best moves win.
There's nothing like knowing what you've been missing.
It will take two immortals to defeat the ultimate evil. But in the end, there can be only one.
How you gonna win?
Some study. Some are studied.
She's chasing a dream... they're chasing her.
Go deep, fear nothing, look for escape and be brave.
Don't go home alone.
Experience it. Enjoy it. Just don't fall for it.
Alvin Sanders is going to help the Feds catch a killer. He just doesn't know it yet.
No one stays innocent forever
Six littles souls in search of a little harmony.
Heard any good stories lately?
Legends Never Die.
Want to know how she got there?
You don't need eyes to see.
Some pets deserve a little more respect than others.
Prove them wrong.
History is written by the winners.
He'll tear your soul apart.
Time to play.
What started in hell, will end on Earth
Your favorite Angels are back!
Surfs up and the Beach is really swinging!
It's where every torso is more so, and bare-as-you-dare is the rule!
Out of the World of Atomic Mutation It Rises - With the Dread Curse of the Father Upon It!
From Hundred of Miles In Outer Space to Seven Miles Beneath the Sea!
A Fantastic and Spectacular Voyage... Through the Human Body... Into the Brain.
More howls than you can shake a shiver at!!!
Was His Face Red . . . And His Nose, Too ! when the bandits took the money . . . and the SAFE !
From the Amazon's forbidden depths came the Creature from the Black Lagoon
CARL LAEMMLE presents H.G. WELLS' FANTASTIC SENSATION
All that was left after...THE KILLER SHREWS!
World-Destroying Monster!
The screen's classic of terror!
IT IS THE FUTURE. Machines are being programmed to turn against us. Someone must stop the madman who started it all.
Close your eyes for a second... and sleep forever.
The party begins when the lights go out!
Who'll survive the final exam?
It's Cleavage vs. Cleavers and the result is Delta Delta Deadly!
The Truth Hurts
What happens when a professional killer violates the code? Get Carter!
First comes love. Then comes the interrogation.
The system wanted them to become soldiers. One soldier just wanted to be human.
The only way to find out what you love is to risk everything you have.
Sometimes you can assassinate a leader without firing a shot.
He is overwhelmed by the woman in his life
A voyeuristic coming-of-age comedy.
He's cool. He's clean. He's a love machine.
When you need him, he's always there!
The most dangerous Billy Jack of all!
You Will Orbit into the Fantastic Future!
A Supernatural Tale of Love and Mystery
They'll get you in the end.
They'll get you in the end ... Again!
Get out of the way... or get hit in the heart!
Two Tall Tales by the world's top story-tellers in one hilarious All-Cartoon Feature!
Fate drew them together... and only murder could part them!
He went searching for love... but Fate forced a DETOUR to Revelry... Violence... Mystery!
Inside every one of us is a special talent waiting to come out. The trick is finding it.
Meet the Devil. She's giving Elliott seven wishes. But not a chance in Hell.
When someone does you a big favor, don't pay it back... Pay It Forward
The seven dreaded gateways to Hell are concealed in seven cursed places‰Û_ And from the day the gates of Hell are opened, the dead will walk the earth.
Who better to solve England's most puzzling mystery than these two international crime busters?
He's got a secret weapon with a lot of kick.
Evil Doesn't Die.
They're not just best friends, they're blood brothers.
When they put their heads together... it's a no brainer.
Sudden, Outrageous, Global Celebrity has a price tag.
Get Some Action
It Was Just A Moment Ago.
He's Never Been To Earth. He's Never Even Slept Over Some Other Dude's House.
History is made by those who break the rules.
Not A Sound. Not A Warning. Not A Chance. Not Alone.
Thanksgiving. A celebration of food, tradition and relative insanity.
The man who made 007 a household number
The daring World War II plot that changed the course of history.
Are You Who You Think You Are
Two strangers fell in love. One knew it wasn't by chance.
He puts the mean in green.
1972. The Munich Olympic Games. 121 Nations. 7,123 Competitors. Over a billion vieweres ... and 8 Palestinian Terrorists. For the first time in 25 years, the truth is revealed.
Ooo la la! Paris will never be the same!
Meet Two Unlikely Heroes With A Bone To Pick.
She was too young to be a widow, and too beautiful to be alone. Every man wanted to have her. One boy risked everything to protect her.
There are no bad words... only bad deeds.
Some things are only revealed by accident.
A timeless story of strength, secrets and two warriors who would never surrender.
This is no game.
The Mountain Will Decide.
After 200 years, the truth behind the legend.
Eddie Cusack's a good cop having a very bad day.
What he really wanted was to spend Thanksgiving with his family. What he got was three days with the turkey.
Man. Woman. Life. Death. Infinity. Tuna casserole. One movie dares to tell it all.
Licensed to thrill.
Beyond good. Beyond evil. Beyond your wildest imagination.
Every dream has a price.
A story of innocence lost and courage found.
The last neighborhood in America.
An American excess story.
Stealin' Stones and Breakin' Bones.
Dying is easy. Comedy is hard.
It's a trip.
...and the world is still indulging!
After a night they can't remember, comes a day they'll never forget.
It's All About.....ME!
A true portrait of life and art.
He has the power to hear everything women are thinking. Finally... a man is listening.
In an ordinary place, he found the one person to make his life extraordinary.
The only witness to the crime was not even there.
At the edge of the world, his journey begins.
What if you made different choices? What if you said yes, instead of no? What if you got a second chance?
When a woman has the beauty men admire and women envy...it is wise to tread carefully.
Never Mess With An Agent In A Dress.
They have a plan...but not a clue.
Fall under its spell..
Big movie. Small town. Huge trouble.
The Most Seductive Evil of All Time Has Now Been Unleashed in Ours.
Some passions can never be tamed.
Piece on Earth.
You'll never believe how close we came
No one gets away clean
Everything has a price.
An Unspeakable Horror. A Creative Genius. Captured For Eternity.
Nothing is as it seems.
Her last request was his first mistake.
The movie of 'Tomorrow'
No rules. No curfews. No baths. No nagging. No pulse.
Life gave him nothing, except the courage to win...and a woman to love.
The Mission That Became a Fortress! The Fortress That Became a Shrine!
Like father. Like son. Like hell.
Revenge Mystery Danger Ambush
It Will Pleasure You in a Hundred Ways!
When a father doesn't live up to his dreams... a daughter has to stand up for hers.
Truth can be dangerous...Trust can be deadly.
One big shot. One big mouth. The switch is on.
The Only Person You Need To Be Is Yourself.
A story of family, lust, murder... and other midlife crises.
No rules, no schools & no more adults
Four sisters who disagree about everything... except what matters most. Family.
Her life began when her world fell apart.
Remember when you couldn't wait for your life to begin... and then, one day, it did?
A Romantic Comedy With The Works
The Baddest One-Chick Hit-Squad that ever hit town!
A chick with drive who don't take no jive!
It's Tough To Be A Black Hero.
He doesn't make sense. She doesn't make sense. Together they make sense.
Why would the most popular girl in school wear a mask?
His big day is her big problem.
One Moment Can Change A Lifetime
A story of friendship, freedom and fate that could only happen in the Sixties.
When two beautiful women fall for the unluckiest guy in the world his life takes on delicious complications.
Who needs enemies?
A boy raised a question, a man answered and the world paid attention.
Shameless!
An unexpected comedy
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
Writing A Book Is Easy. Writing A Best Seller Is Murder.
The Heat Is On!
A cop and a lady lawyer caught in an explosive truth of police corruption.
Lady luck is always on his side. Tonight, she's on fire.
Imagine if Your Toaster Went on a Journey of its Own!
Ronald is making an investment in his senior year. He's hiring the prettiest cheerleader in school to be his girlfriend.
Need A Bounty Hunter? She's Your Man.
A killer on the loose. A cop on the edge.
Guess who's playing doctor?
A vast, merry, and uncommon tale of love.
Shock has its value.
To survive in a world at war, he must find a strength greater than all the events that surround him.
The Ultimate Experience In Grueling Terror
An army of forgotten heroes, all officially dead. They live for combat. Now they've met the wrong man.
Some things possess you at the strangest times
Friends last forever. Goodness is its own reward. ...And there ain't no Indians in the Bronx.
Home sweet home is murder.
The story of the war at home, and the people who lived through it.
A love trapped between two worlds
There's only one thing more frightening than murder.. High School
Bobby Taylor was on his way to becoming a star, when a funny thing happened...
The epic story of a world at war. And a boy at play.
She promised him ten days together in paradise. He never dreamed how far he'd have to go.
A tidy comedy
He made a devil of a deal... Now there's hell to pay!
This summer take a trip you'll never forget.
Hard times and Good times. Francis and Helen.
This time, it‰Ûªs personal.
In Beverly Hills, you can have anything your heart desires. You just can't have it the way it used to be.
Sleep all day. Party all night. Never grow old. Never die. It's fun to be a vampire.
12,000 babies will be born in the United States today. Two will already have fallen in love.
She was raised in a Beverly Hills mansion. Now, she's got to clean one.
Just because Jonathan's fallen in love with a piece of wood, it doesn't make him a dummy.
A battle fought in the stars. Now... comes to Earth.
There are millions hidden somewhere nearby, and these wild and crazy people will do almost anything to find it.
You know who to call when you have ghosts but who do you call when you have monsters?
He was just Ducky in "Pretty in Pink". Now he's crazy rich...and it's all his parents' fault.
A homeless street musician becomes a demon when sexually aroused.
Unleash your inner model.
The Future Is Clear.
Remember that kid everyone ignored on Valentine‰Ûªs Day? - He remembers you.
Feel the heat, keep the feeling burning, let the sensation explode.
Who Can You Trust... When You No Longer Trust Yourself...
His genius undeniable. His evil, unspeakable.
They swore nothing would come between them. Then evil walked in the door
Some men are too noble to live among aristocracy.
Saving The World One Playground At A Time
She Just Needed A Month To Change His Life For Ever.
International intelligence just got dumber.
If It Yells, If It Swings, It's Got To Be Monkeybone!
Crime Is King.
Love with the safety off.
The Smart One Isn't Wearing Any Pants.
Sometimes a dream is the only thing worth fighting for...
One woman. Four sons. Three fathers. No one said love was simple.
Real People in Real Danger!
America Likes to Watch
Young, Free And Single. Again.
An outrageous new comedy for anyone who's ever had hair.
Looking into a dark past for a bright future.
misfit - outcast - turncoat - prophet - hero
Three generations of family. They shared a dream called America in a place called Avalon.
Mirror, mirror on the wall, who is the murderer among them all?
She was made for love... and tragedy.
So young... So bad... So what?!
Meet Morgan Hiller. He's a rebel about to become a hero.
Can a nice girl from Long Island find happiness with a mass murderer?
Have you heard about Cary and the bishop's wife?
Is he a spy? A security risk? Is he unfaithful? Or is he a nice, normal shnook - out to make a million bucks by sheer accident!
Sidney Poitier as the life-loving ex-GI who one day encounters five nuns escaped from beyond the Berlin Wall...
The glorious story of the greatest storyteller of them all!
If there was a dollar to be made - Gantry would make it... If there was a soul to be saved - Gantry would save it...
Is any man an Alfie? Ask any girl!
It begins where
Try to remember the first time magic happened
Love means never having to say you're ugly.
No one can stop this killing machine....It's Already Dead!!!
A battle beyond time, beyond space.
Two brothers separated by the violence. Now together in a mission of revenge.
Are there laughs before death?
Here comes the fuzz
When the going gets tough... the tough take the law into their own hands.
The last word about the first time.
Mom is many things... normal isn't one of them.
The chief of police anf the chief suspect know each other too well to let a little thing like murder get in their way.
The private hell of four single New Yorkers made public for your viewing pleasure.
The true story of the Mitchell Brothers: America's original porn kings.
Enter the mind of a serial killer‰Û_ you may never come back
A murderer strikes on board the luxury Nile steamer Karnak-and Hercule Poirot faces his most baffling case.
The time has come for REVENGE OF THE NERDS
They're Back!
On that Birmingham Sunday the blood ran like wine
The most controversial film you will see this year.
Getting into trouble is easy but getting out of it is all the fun!
It's Survival of the Fiercest and Funniest
They just might be the biggest bunch of losers that ever became winners.
They're not staying down there anymore!
Some Men Are Born To Be Heroes.
This Is Gonna Hurt
Man's first step on the moon nearly stumbled on earth
Some memories are best forgotten.
Caution: Dangerous Curves Ahead
The story about the one that got away and the one she never saw coming.
Real spies...only smaller
The Last Man Standing Gets The Kitty.
In a place this treacherous, what a good spy needs is a spy of his own.
Love. Betrayal. Death.
The game is far from over.
Based on a True Story.
They're not just from another time, they're from France.
PokÌ©mon: Spell of the Unknown
Health Warning: Adopting Bridget's lifestyle could seriously damage your health.
He Came. He Cleaned. He Conquered.
They were three small time girls, with big time dreams. Now, fate is giving the Pussycats, the chance of a lifetime.
The unmaking of independent film
It would change history and destroy the belief of millions,,,
Never let the truth get in the way of a good yarn!
He heard there was wildlife in L.A. He didn't know how wild.
A touching story of a young man who desperately wants to make his daddy proud.
On Life.. On Love...
Two worlds collide when an eccentric genius falls in love with a strong-willed society beauty.
The world is yours...
From the days of wine and roses, finally comes a night like this.
Get ready for the race of your life.
The night... has an appetite.
A story about finding the perfect woman... and trying desperately to give her back.
There's no such thing as a small affair.
He might eat maggots and live in a cage but he's still our Dad
The most powerful force on earth is about to be unleashed by the two people who should know better.
Can love vanish without a trace?
The motion picture the world has been waiting for!
A world light-years beyond your imagination.
Robin Williams is Garp. He's got a funny way of looking at life.
She's only faithful to the book.
Rome. Before Christ. After Fellini.
The fall of the Roman Empire 1931-1972.
You never choose love. Love chooses you.
They had nothing... and tried to find their dream.
An erotically charged descent into madness.
Laughter and tears. Tragedy and triumph. They lived it all. For the boys.
Getting even is a full-time job
The story of a woman with the courage to risk everything for what she believes is right.
Life is a beach.
The Wonder Musical of the Future!
When murder is your business, you'd better not fall in love with your work.
Love means never having to say you're sorry
["Rififi"] ...means Trouble!
He Will Rock You
The Balance of Power Is About to Change
As the sand shifts... madness nears.
A black comedy about white trash.
The deeper you look, the more you will find.
The greatest fairy tale never told.
No Laws. No Limits. One Rule. Never Fall In Love.
It takes a moment to change history. It takes love to change lives.
The story of a girl who refused to forget she was once a champion.
Imagine if sex appeal came in a bottle.
Having a wonderful time, wish I were here.
Unconquerable!
The greatest buffaloer of them all!
Yesterday They Were Businessmen. Today They're Cowboys. Tomorrow They'll Be Walking Funny.
When the cheering stopped, there were... Eight Men Out.
John Ford's Thundering Spectacle
Hunter...Frontiersman...Adventurer!
Many nights led to this night, nights of time, nights of fear, nights of love, nights of loneliness, nights of pursuit and conquest, nights without privacy, and this night - a night of truth
1964. When America was at war with itself.
They were seven - And they fought like seven hundred!
Between the law and the lawless - SEVEN again... MAGNIFICENT again!
They fought back to back...No quarter given...No quarter asked...No way in...No way out...of Rio Bravo
They Lead The League In Scoring ... After The Game!
Owen asked his friend, Larry, for a small favor...
The most fun you'll ever have...in the dark!
This is the heroic story of the men on the U.S.S. San Pablo who disturbed the sleeping dragon of savage China as the threatened world watched in breathless terror.
A story of twelve men as their women never knew them...
He wasn't much of a man... Now he's not much of an animal!
It takes a thief to nail a crook.
A small miracle
Coming to wipe that silly smile off your planet.
Log On. Hack In. Go Anywhere. Get Everything.
It's not a party until something gets broken.
Twenty-seven banks in three years. Anything to catch the perfect wave.
On a summer weekend in 1963, four girlfriends made memories that would last a lifetime.
Desire, passion, lust... It's a deadly game of obsession.
The ice... The fire... The fight... To be the best.
The Two M-M-Marvels Of Our Age In The Wonder Musical Of The World!
The Most Glamorous Entertainment Of Your Lifetime in CinemaScope. You See It Without Glasses!
As Blood-Chilling As Being Buried Alive!
It TICKLES and TANTALIZES! - The funniest comedy since laughter began!
What do you get when you cross a hopelessly straight starving actor with a dynamite red sequined dress? You get America's hottest new actress.
The anger. The destructiveness. The urge to kill in cold blood. They weren't born with it...
War. It's a dying business.
Atlantis is waiting...
Born into Wealth. Groomed by the Elite. Trained for Combat.
The doctor is in again.
Live life 1/4 mile at a time.
David is 11 years old. He weighs 60 pounds. He is 4 feet, 6 inches tall. He has brown hair. His love is real. But he is not.
Just a Baby Boy.
When it's real. When it's right. Don't let anything stand in your way.
Too cool for words.
There's a bit of the beast in all of us.
Somewhere Out There You Can Find Love
Evil rises to new heights.
Things Are Gonna Get Hairy!
Kiss Fear Goodbye
No More Mercy. No More Shame. No More Sequels - Honest! - We Lied.
Friends. Roommates. Lovers.
It's the game that separates the girls and the boys...into groups of two!
You'll root for them all...but you'll never guess who wins.
The popcorn's in the lobby. The nuts are on the screen.
A comedy that's over the limit and beyond the law!
A dead man's brain in a hidden laboratory told him to KILL... KILL... KILL
Gangway...For This Years BIG Adventure!
Super sexbots... built to kill!
Edgar Allan Poe's demonic tale of The Ungodly... The Evil House of Usher
The Voice of the Tempter
Together For The First Time - James Stewart - John Wayne - in the masterpiece of four-time Academy Award winner John Ford
Based on a true story.
Something Different. Something Daring. Something Dangerous.
From the four winds they came, the four brothers, their eyes smoking and their fingers itching...
The doctor blew it--the most fantastic medical experiment of the age.
All the kids grow 10 feet tall... and TAKE OVER!
Suddenly he could see through clothes, flesh‰Û_ and walls!
The story of two enterprising young men who make an amazing amount of money selling ice cream.
The INCREDIBLE becomes Real! The IMPOSSIBLE becomes Fact! The UNBELIEVABLE becomes True!
Read the fine print. You may have just mortgaged your life.
The original HIGH Rollers hit the strip!
How much does Heaven Allow a Woman in Love?
The world's most beautiful animal!
The darkest secrets are the ones we hide from ourselves
A haunting and shattering film experience.
As the applause grew fainter ... As the spotlight grew dimmer ... His women were younger!
Blood red kisses! White hot thrills! Mickey Spillane's latest H-bomb...
The most significant reserved seat attraction of the year!
It shouts and sings with life ... explodes with love!
From the immortal adventure classic...of whaling men, their ships, and the sea!
Buy a bag... Go home in a box.
He knew all women! Their lives...Loves...Their souls!
The almighty J.J... the columnist with sixty million believers... his wrath is feared by the great and near great who worship the sweet smell of success!
The story of a decent love...that fought to live against the vice and immorality of an oil baron's wastrel family...and of the ugly secret that thrust their privates lives into public view!
It's the 21st century and they have a licence to kill.
The Most Frightening Film You'll Ever See!
Bruce Lee has done the impossible... ...HE'S SURPASSED HIMSELF!!!
The image of a generation
Every Limb Of His Body Is A Lethal Weapon!!!
Bruce Lee challenges the underworld to a Game of Death.
His family thinks he's crazy. His enemies think he's no challenge. But she knows he's THE LAST DRAGON.
On Jupiter's moon something deadly is happening.
The Colosseum . . the battleground of Bruce Lee and Chuck Norris.
Unleash a new reality
Don't judge a book by its hair color!
There are no partners in crime
It's 4 a.m... do you know where your kids are?
Welcome to disorganized crime.
Up close some heroes get even bigger.
Get Happy
The spirit world is about to be rocked...
His mind was 81. His body was 18. When Jack Watson found his fountain of youth, it overflowed with comedy.
The year the country split apart and a generation came together.
Being a victim was her only crime.
He's a cop who believes no one is above the law.
Remarkable. Unbelievable. Impossible. And true.
No Money. Still Funny.
When Cynthia wakes up. She'll wish she were dead...
Trapped behind enemy lines. A whole army after him... And only one man can save him.
Some Friendships Last Forever
War brings out the beast in every man.
Mixed up at birth, two sets of twins finally meet their match.
Hero. Lover. Legend.
The Army made Eugene a man. But Daisy gave him basic training!
Scream now, while there's still room to breathe.  Terror has no shape.
Imagine having all the power, passion and pleasure money can buy. Now imagine losing them.
The shack is back!
Stacy and Melissa are in search for the world's most endangered species... The Perfect Man.
Thirty remarkable days in the life of an ordinary man.
When he pours, he reigns.
70,000 gang members. One million guns. Two cops.
The Four Funniest Men in America are Eddie Murphy.
A comedy of truly loony proportions.
They eat so fast, you don't have time to scream.
Get Ready for Seconds... They're Back
First they destroyed a farm. Then they terrorised a town. Now they're ready to do some real damage!
A funny movie about getting serious.
Someone poisoned Dexter Cornell. He's got to find out who. He's got to find out why. He's got to find out now. In 24 hours, he'll be Dead On Arrival.
You Can't Keep a Good Cop Dead
Dirty Harry Just Learned A New Game.
Nice guys finish last. Meet the winners.
Elvira makes her big screen debut in her new comedy.
A Holiday Comedy Unlike Any Other!
Their life story is a love story
Sleep Tight America. These Women Carry Guns.
From Backpacks to Strollers
They've taken his wife. Now he's taking action.
Love doesn't have to last a lifetime.
At the far ends of the earth she found a reason to live, and a cause to fight for.
The wildlife is wild, but his brother-in-law in unbearable.
A rock and roll fantasy.
He's an American. She's a ghost. Vacation romances are always a hassle.
When I Talk You're Gonna Laugh Yourself Hoarse!
Discover John...the angry youth, the musician, the radical, the husband, the father, the lover, the idealist...through his own words and personal collection of film and music.
Every college in the country wants Johnny. 'Cause when he's good he's very very good. And when he's bad he's better.
The year is 1962. The place is Willowpoint Falls. Nobody talks about what happened in the school cloakroom 10 years ago. Now, in the dead of night, Frankie Scarlatti is going to find out why.
A new adventure is born.
Some guys get all the brakes!
He went to bed an all-American kid and woke up the son of Russian spies.
One family's experience with the M-word.
Man's closest encounter.
He's got 24 hours to convince the one girl he really loves that he's honest, faithful, and fully committed. It's going to be a long night.
Being a cop is tough. But in Saigon, 1968, being a cop is crazy.
Off Route 66 between Vegas and nowhere a little magic's going on...
High school. Senior year. His suicide shattered their world. Their courage drove them to pick up the pieces.
Moscow's toughest detective. Chicago's craziest cop. There's only one thing worse than making them mad. Making them partners.
Just when you thought it was safe to be dead.
They're Back From The Grave and Ready To Party!
The man is back!
The story of a boy suddenly alone in the world. The men who challenge him. And the girl who helps him become a man.
NOTORIOUS, SCANDALOUS, WILDE!
The Dirtiest Dancing Of Them All!
One Band. One Dream. One Summer.
Don't bury me...I'm not dead!
Whatever you do... don't call the cops!
It's about staying alive.
The adventures of America's most electric leading man continue.
Something wonderful has happened... No. 5 is alive!
Who Has Seen This Woman?
They broke every rule, loved every woman, took every risk and solved the most shocking murder in the history of Beverly Hills. And it's all true. Give or take a lie or two.
There's a lot more going on around here than news, weather, and sports.
She's on the line... and off the wall.
Who are they? And what do they want?
Was he her dream or obsession? Was she his mother or his lover?
When they tried to buy him, he refused. When they tried to bully him, he resisted. When they tried to break him, he became an American legend. The true story of Preston Tucker.
Only their mother can tell them apart.
Just when he was ready for mid-life crisis, something unexpected came up. Puberty.
It started as a secret experiment... It ended up as a new breed of terror.
Stop on by and give afterlife a try.
The flip side of Sherlock Holmes
E=mcå_
They couldn't hear him. They couldn't see him. But he was there when they needed him... Even after he was gone.
Get ready for the ultimate challenge!
Film school prepared Nick for everything... everything but Hollywood.
History is about to be rewritten by two guys who can't spell.
Their country. Their laws. Their game. His rules.
A governor. A stripper. Forced to chose between the office he held and the woman he loved, he chose both.
He may be blind, but he don't need no dog.
This C.H.U.D.'s for you!
Even in war... murder is murder.
She's a chip off the old block.
He's the First Hero of the 21st Century... And He's Our Only Hope.
For one cop this isn't just a case. It's a war.
With dreams like these who needs reality?
Four guys on a field trip to reality.
Valerie's about to discover how far a girl has to go to find Mr. Right.
The Legend, The Music, The Man.
Rebel. Rocker. Lover. Idol. Vanished.
In the midst of war, one man vanished into the jungle, and emerged as king.
The story of the extraordinary people who changed our world.
In the world of comedy, it's sink or swim.
The true story of a legend.
It's the toughest course in medical school.
Roommates by accident... lovers by choice.
They're up to something big.
The toughest choices are made with the heart.
Three buddies in Vietnam. Two survived. Only one is really alive.
Catching a serial killer takes a seriously twisted cop.
They changed his looks, his life and his future... but they couldn't change his past .
Meet the two toughest cops in town.  One's just a little smarter than the other!
An Ancient Sport Becomes A Deadly Game.
The Novel That Shocked The World Is Now A Movie
Eastside High was out of control...until Joe Clark took it back.
He drinks. He smokes. He gambles. He curses. He thinks about committing adultery. You'll love him.
The true meaning of fear
Some friends can be REAL MONSTERS. And some monsters can be REAL FRIENDS.
How much can a man take...before he gives back?
He's hip, he's cool, and he's only 3 months old.
Randy Bodek has no idea how to treat a woman . . . but he's working on it.
A comedy with bats and balls.
Hell hath no fury like a hippo with a machine gun.
Beyond the boundaries of time... they are waiting for you!
There are 70 minutes to the end of the world. Where can you hide?
An explosive comedy!
One city, three stories tall.
A Chicago cop from the hills of Kentucky. Hunting his brother's killer. Seeking justice country style.
No Ring. No Ref. No Rules.
A woman inspired by a man of dreams swept into the arms of a general, and drawn into a worlds of danger.
He's one man racing against time to stop the most explosive conspiracy in history.
There's A New Name For Terror...
What more do you want?
They think they control him. Think again.
This time, it's not just a walk in the park!
Hollywood's hottest couple just split up. It'll take more than special effects to reunite them.
Are You Japanese?
Accentuate the negative.
An anatomically incorrect rock odyssey
You'll be sorry you were ever born human
Madness. Terror. Murder.
High Times. Hard Bodies. Soft Rock.
Killers aren't born. They're made. Judd Nelson is Buck Taylor. And Buck Taylor is...Relentless
Why can't men be more like plants?
Dalton lives like a loner, fights like a professional. And loves like there's no tomorrow.
In defense of the poor in El Salvador, he fought with the only weapon he had... the truth.
When You're $100,000 In Debt, It's Your Problem. When You're $1,000,000 In Debt... It's The Bank's.
They came back after 20 years to find nobody wants to save the world-- They just want to buy it.
Forget Everything You Have Ever Seen.
The story that seduced the world is now the most controversial film of the year.
Deception is dangerous. Desire is deadly.
MURDER! The blind guy couldn't see it. The deaf guy couldn't hear it. Now they're both wanted for it.
Girls go wild, boys go crazy, and dads go nuts!
No one thought she had the courage, the nerve, or the lingerie.
On October 2, at 6:45 AM mass murderer Horace Pinker was put to death. Now, he's really mad.
The comedy that glows in the dark.
There's nothing that love, laughter and a little therapy can't fix!
Tonight - Daddy's Coming Home - To Slice Up More Than Just The Cake!
He wanted a perfect family in a perfect town. But they couldn't measure up... Neither could the others...
Scandalous! Shocking! Outrageous!  Finally a comedy you can look up to.
Two of L.A.'s top rival cops are going to have to work together... Even if it kills them.
Sometimes, no matter what, you can't escape the rhythm.
They rob banks. She steals hearts.
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping!
The Oddest Couple Ever Unleashed!
A lot of TV stations have forgotten what "quality" means, but not Channel 62. They NEVER knew what it meant.
He's crude. He's crass. He's family.
Seduction. Romance. Murder. The things one does for love.
Once in a lifetime comes a motion picture that makes you feel like falling in love all over again. This is not that movie.
Satan also has one son.
They're on a cross-country adventure to the world's greatest video championship. It's more than a game...it's the chance of a lifetime.
An engaging comedy about a bachelor and three near Mrs.
You don't have to stop partying just because you've stopped breathing.
In the winter of 1634, an extraordinary man began a perilous journey into the North American wilderness.
Caught between the truth and a murderer's hand!
It was the jazz age. It was an era of elegance and violence. The action was gambling. The stakes were life and death.
The last defense. The last hope. The battle for the future of the world has begun.
If you experienced "The World According To Garp" and found it witty, delightful and totally unpredictable, then be happily surprised all over again when you join the fun and games that go on at the...Hotel New Hampshire.
Zexy, Zany, Zensational !
The tenant in room 7 is very small, very twisted and very mad.
Are YOUR parents a burden?
This is not a love story - it's a story about love.
She rocks. She rules. She reigns.
Get ready for a second Rush!
Hatari means Fun! Hatari means Adventure! Hatari means Thrills!
A story of lust, murder and dreams.
Stake Your Claim To The Musical Goldmine of '69!
He's got to face a gunfight once more to live up to his legend once more. To win just one more time.
At last an adult film to which you can take your children.
When he heard his cry for help it wasn't human
Faster, funnier and wilder. It'll knock you out.
They thought they had buried her forever!
His terrifying obsession took them to the brink of death and beyond.
Where the only rule is to stay alive.
This Summer It's All About Sticking Together.
Every BODY needs a hero
Sooner or later she'll see them, then everything will be different.
Sometimes the wrong side of the law is the right place to be.
4 friends, 2 couples. Twice as much to lie about in the morning.
A joyride through sex, love, and other activities
Fear is a place.
563 miles. 9 people. $2 million. 1001 problems!
Remember to love, surrender to love, and vow to never, never forget
Life is an adventure. Don't blow it.
Love stings
Hollywood had it coming
Terror is the same on any planet.
Are you game?
One family struggles for survival, for justice, for freedom.
Sometimes the future is better than it used to be.
A comedy to arouse your appetite.
What‰Ûªs eating you?
Trust. Seduction. Betrayal.
This foursome is sharing lots more than room service!
There's no place for dreams on the streets of Vegas
Crosses Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Home Alone!
Colt, Rocky and Tum Tum are back for bigger kicks in an all new adventure
Tum Tum, Colt and Rocky are back for all new non-stop Ninja action!
He's not as fast as he used to be... That's what makes him human. He's a bounty hunter... And that's what makes him dangerous.
I warned you not to go out tonight.
A Frightening Comedy
Flesh to touch... Flesh to burn! Don't keep the Wicker Man waiting!
I Wish I May, I Wish I Might, Become My Sister For A Night!
As you've never seen it before.
The story of a wanna be who got to be.
The Line Forms To Your Left.
Not every hostage wants to be saved!
On the Long Island Expressway there are lanes going east, lanes going west, and lanes going straight to hell.
They're back -- in their mummy's arms!
In the nine months prior to World War II, 10,000 innocent children left behind their families, their homes, their childhood, and took the journey...
The glass is about to be shattered...
The most important thing in life is showing up
An office comedy
They have forty-five minutes to save the world. They need forty-six.
In music she found her dream, her love, herself.
The only thing more dangerous than the line being crossed, is the cop who will cross it.
Space is a lonely town.
Massillon Ohio: Where they live, breathe and eat football.
In The Beginning, The End Had A Name.
In a city of 8 million people, what are the odds the perfect two will meet?
She was lost from the moment she saw him.
His voice was the silence of death!
For the sake of your sanity, pray it isn't true!
It's not what he knows. It's what he understands.
The Most Highly Acclaimed Horror Phantasy Of Our Time.
The all-new adventures of the English Lord with the soul of an Indian.
They Tore His Body. They Buried His Pride. But They Forgot His Old Uniform, His Sharp Knife and His Buffalo Gun. Find Tanner, El Segundo and the 16 Others. And Tell Them Valdez Is Coming.
IT'S FUN TO BE SCARED BY 13 GHOSTS
obsession. murder. madness.
Ever See a Four-Sided Triangle?
The most wonderful entertainment in the whole wide wonderful world!
How dare he make love to me - And not be a married man!
The biggest entertainment ever to rock the screen with laughter!
...the film version of the stage hit, as the ruthless beauty whose ambition spelt the doom of three men
20,000 Laughs Under The Sea!
The scream you hear may be your own!
You have to see it to believe it!
"I am not allowed to love. But I will love you if that is your desire..." Marlon Brando and an exquisite new Japanese star. They LIVE James A. Michener's story of defiant desire. It is called "Sayonara"
Like it's really, totally, the most fun a couple of bodies can have. You know?
If someone you loved mysteriously vanished how far out of your mind would you go to find them?
On November 13, 1974, Karen Silkwood, an employee of a nuclear facility, left to meet with a reporter from the New York Times. She never got there.
A Way of Life
The stars belong to a new generation.
Planets destroy earth!
...I'll never tell.
What if one of life's great mysteries moved in upstairs?
3% Body Fat. 1% Brain Activity.
Love Isn't Dead...It's Just Not Very Well
Life's a trip......
It was just a joke, just for fun.
His World. His Rules.
Sometimes True Love Can Have More Than One Face.
Only chance could have thrown them together. Now, nothing can pull them apart.
The most terrifying nightmare of childhood is about to return!
Do not see
One man against a cruel system.
The Musical Comedy Smash of the 80's!
When you're young and going nowhere... the Carny looks like a good way out.
...an experience beyond total fear.
Just what we all need! A really good hit!
She was married at 13. She had four kids by the time she was 20. She's been hungry and poor. She's been loved and cheated on. She became a singer because it was the only thing she could do. She became a star because it was the only way she could do it.
If you're really in love... nothing's going to stand in your way
Al Pacino is Cruising for a killer.
A Rite of Passage
Those who survive the ghost ship are better off dead!
A story of love and conflict.
A National Treasure Chest
Sometimes All The Way...Is Way Too Far.
Two's company, three's a crime.
Undercover and Out The Way!
Unmask the legend
A new provocation from the director of "Romance"
An actress longing to be a star. A woman searching for herself. Both worlds will collide... on Mulholland Drive.
Mismatched. Misguided. Unmistakably friends.
This Halloween, unleash the Dogg.
Big Jim Brannigan takes on London - Chicago Style !
It's Elvis!..cooking up a storm!
Detective Harry Callahan. He doesn't break murder cases. He smashes them.
To Life!
In a life of crime, no one can be trusted... Not even your friend.
His major was attitude.
In 1984, Betty Mahmoody's husband took his wife and daughter to meet his family in Iran. He swore they would be safe. They would be happy. They would be free to leave. He lied.
Nice girls don't wear cha-cha heels.
The Unsinkable Ship, The Unthinkable Disaster, Discover the Titanic... in a New Light.
Only the legend will survive.
A Castle Can Only Have One King
One day can make your life; one day can ruin your life. All life is is four or five big days that change everything.
Based on a true story that for 35 years was kept secret...
They expose all. They show nothing.
Everything Is About To Become Very Clear
Every Wednesday. She meets him once a week.
Dreams. What are they? An escape from reality or reality itself?
Change the way you look at the world.
There are ghosts around us all the time. Most of them don't want to hurt us. But, there are exceptions...
3 days in the life of a 1 night stand.
You can never go too far
They're not bad girls. They're just behaving that way.
Seen from a distance, it's perfect.
He will do anything to protect his family.
We Scare Because We Care.
Stealing the power of the universes one by one.
Some things can't be erased.
It isn't love that makes the world go round.
Are You A Shallow Guy?
He was just a kid in a man's body until his mother's killer made him a man with a gun.
The opposite sex is the greatest art form of all
...Fear is the Message!
Lyle Swann is a champion off-road racer. But to the people of 1877, he's something very, very different...
When you're down 'n dirty, it all comes out in...
Let the Magic Begin.
Love is hard.
It's only a flesh wound!
They haven't quite figured it all out, but they're getting a little warmer.
It's not how you play the game. It's how the game plays you.
The living will always be more dangerous than the dead.
A young man. An older woman. Her ex-husband. Things are about to explode...
Black Godfather is back... and there's gonna be hell up in Harlem!
WHATEVER YOU WANT THEY'VE GOT... And Bucktown is where you'll find it!
If you steal $300,000 from the mob, It's not robbery.  It's suicide.
Lily Tomlin in an epic comedy (Give or take and inch)
Jabberwocky: the monster so horrible that people caught the plague to avoid it
People who see FUNNY GIRL are the luckiest people in the world!
Spectacular Towering Terror! One man's lust...made men into beasts, stripped women of their souls!
The film that was banned for 4 years. Why..?
Born with the courage of an eagle, the strength of a black tiger, and the power of a god.
A war's defining battle. A nation's defining moment.p
Irwin Shaw's monumental best-seller
An underground story where lives intertwine
Today Her Greatest! For a woman there's always an excuse‰Û_
...where all roads lead to Rome!
Who dunnit? This time it's Neil Simon who's really dunnit.
Hasn't the weather been strange...could it be a warning?
Luis BuÌ±uel's masterpiece
When U. S. Bates told his son he could have any present he wanted, he picked the most outrageous gift of all... Jack Brown.
In a steel room built for revenge they die burning... in chains.
The Latest Fashion In Murder
A one man army. A new kind of soldier in a new kind of war.
If they've really got what it takes, it's going to take everything they've got.
Starving for a great movie?
Trapped outside the boundaries of time and space... 102 aircraft... 6,000 men... all missing.
He's searching for a killer. She's searching for a miracle .... And time is running out.
He'll save every one of us!
Spectacular Adventure Beyond Time and Space
4,000 miles to the center of the Earth to a world within a world
It's no picnic!
The dirtiest Harry of them all.
Kane's justice is revenge. Kane's weapon is himself.
Clint Eastwood is the man in the middle of The Gauntlet
Out of a Time-Rotted Tomb Crawls an Unspeakable Horror!
America wasn't ready...but HE was!
The 'Mad Dog' Criminal...The 'Lone Wolf' Lawman...The Ultimate Showdown.
No parents. No teachers. No rules... No mercy.
FIRST 'The Land That Time Forgot'. THEN 'At The Earth's Core'. NOW a fantastic incredible world of savage mystery...
In any other town they'd be the bad guys...
Only one man ever dared to stand alone.
"If God could do the things that we can do, he'd be a happy man . . ."
Dirty Harry is at it again
His only weapon is his will to survive.
Her birthright was stolen. Her dignity taken. Her rights denied. Deception was the only option.
Morty Fineman. Artist. Visionary. Madman.
The Hardest Working Man in Show Business
Are you in or out?
A fascinating adventure into the unknown!
Vladimir Ivanoff walks into a department store to buy blue jeans, walks out with a girl friend, an immigration lawyer and a buddy. His life and theirs will never be the same again.
it's no longer a story for children.
One person can change your life forever.
They served you Breakfast. They gave you Pie. Now we‰Ûªre gonna stuff your face.
Forget everything you know, and open your eyes.
Sometimes love isn't enough.
Family isn‰Ûªt a word, it‰Ûªs a sentence.
Once... they made history. Now... they are history.
Mr. Stimpson ran his life and everyone else's by the clock. Then one day at 2:09 and 43 seconds... The clock decided to strike back.
The nightmare terror of the slithering eye that unleashed agonizing horror on a screaming world!
He's an indestructible man fused with powers beyond comprehension. An unstoppable terror who in one final showdown, will push Chuck Norris to his limits. And beyond.
Journey with Wolff and Niki, an interstellar adventurer and young rebel. On a mission to rescue three stranded women from a planet no one has warned them about. Because no one has ever returned.
They've got their degrees all rolled up.
He may be small, but he's got a big brain!
Someone just picked on the wrong nobody.
If they lived in the same century they'd be perfect for each other.
One ring to rule them all
Sometimes your life comes into focus one frame at a time.
I need to believe that something extra ordinary is possible...
Prayer will get you nowhere.
One of the great ones!
Here is a picture that was marked for greatness before it was ever screened!
Beyond the age of innocence... into the age of awareness
Their dramatic story can now be told!
We're not rated X for nothin', baby!
If you've ever been to a wilder party... you're under arrest!
The international stage success seen by more than 42 million people in 145 cities all over the world!
Banned for 400 years! The most notorious of China's three great erotic sagas ‰ÛÒ revealed on the screen for the first time.
Join us - we'll cut you in on the theft of the century!
The most electrifying entertainment of our time!
Float like a butterfly and sting like a bee.
Leave No Man Behind.
The story of an ordinary woman in an extraordinary time.
Tea at four. Dinner at eight. Murder at midnight.
love is all you need
A lifetime of change can happen in a single moment.
You'll never guess what you'll find inside...
A hard cop and a soft dame.
There's only one way to win the girl of your dreams: floor it!
She's so excitingly good . . . when she's so wonderfully bad!
The Terms are Clear. Kill or be Killed.
By the time the world's greatest detectives figure out whodunnit... you could die
Sometimes, life happens by accident.
It's not just a place. It's a state of mind.
The boys are back in town.
He thought it was passion. It was deceit. He thought it was love. It was murder.
Only two things can screw up their relationship.  He's one.  She's the other.
BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR... IT JUST MIGHT COME TRUE.
The best two-hour vacation in town!
Warms Your Heart! STIRS YOUR BLOOD! and fires your imagination!
A wondrous tale of action and suspense, damsels and ogres, dungeons and dragons, questing knights and evil warlocks.
In the Dark Ages, Magic was a weapon. Love was a mystery. Adventure was everywhere... And Dragons were real.
The most powerful legend of all is back in a new adventure.
The end of mankind as we know it.
Big Oil. Big Money. Big Mystery. Everyone's out to make a killing.
The City Had It Coming.
She's too good to be true...and too real to be otherwise.
In the Future, not everyone is who they seem to be.
Get ready for mush hour!
One Cop. One Con. No Mercy.
...The Ultimate Experience
The Mystery. The Life. The Love. The Legend
The far out story of the far west
In 1966, Dieter Dengler was shot down over Laos, captured, and, down to 85 pounds, escaped.
M*A*S*H Gives A D*A*M*N.
A true story
Prepare for adventure. Count on revenge.
What do you see?
She didn't belong. She was misunderstood. And she would change him forever.
Sex is the appetizer. Love is the main course. Friendship is the dessert.
Welcome to Metropolis
From the director of Happiness and Welcome To The Dollhouse.
Welcome to life at the bottom of the food chain.
For anyone who has ever dreamed of running away from it all
Love at first sight. Consequences to follow.
When all else fails... cheat.
Fortune can make a man do some pretty fowl things.
Women's prison U.S.A. - Rape Riot and Revenge! White Hot Desires melting cold prison steel!
PROMISES ARE MADE IN HEAVEN - But carried out on Earth
The timeless tale of the seductive gypsy Esmeralda and the tortured hunchback Quasimodo.
The truth is never overrated
What would you do if you lost everything?
Go Ballistic
No bib. No crib. No problem.
Shirley's A Little Swiss Miss In The Loveliest Story of Her Career !
Deciding which woman in the world he loves most is driving him out of his mind.
The Chicago Cubs needed a miracle... They got Henry Rowengartner.
A piece of paradise a half block wide and a whole summer long.
Pass the warning.
Dreams change. Friends are forever
Beyond Courage, Beyond Honor.
Give a father no options and you leave him no choice.
The Classic Continues
Evil has many faces
Watch your girl, guard your gold, hold your jewels ...the fox is loose!
I took you out of the gutter . . . I can fling you back!
Outnumbered - unarmed - unprepared - they stunned the world with their incredible victory!
His world is guys and dolls! Her world is gowns and glamor!
How Lucky Can You Get
A hip, hot and sexy lesson in love.
Saturday night you have your fling at life...and Sunday morning you face up to it!
If it was murder, where's the body?
In everyone's life there's a "Summer of '42"
Not since Gable battled with Colbert and Hepburn battled with Grant has comedy been such fun. Watch Segal take on Jackson.
The Story of What Four Men Did To a Girl... And What the Town Did To Them!
Like new, great looking and fully loaded with laughs.
This Was the Day That Engulfed the World in Terror!
When someone you love dies... are they gone forever?
This time there are no interviews.
Cultures clash. Hearts break. People change.
It's Not Just About Football, It's About Pride Inside!
A stressed father, a bride-to-be with a secret, a smitten event planner, and relatives from around the world create much ado about the preparations for an arranged marriage in India.
The coach is waiting for his next beer. The pitcher is waiting for her first bra. The team is waiting for a miracle. Consider the possibilities.
They never met an adult they couldn't drive crazy.
The Bad News Bears are one year older and one year wilder.
A Masterpiece from Czechoslovakia
The Lone Ranger thunders to the motion picture screen!
It's All True...Every Living Moment!
She strips off her petticoats . . . and straps on her guns !
Your body betrays your soul.
Easier said than done.
400 U.S paratroopers. 4000 Vietnamese soldiers. 12 000 miles away from home. 1 man led them into battle.
The ability to love. The inability to love... The hunger to love.
See wild women fight to the death!
Women so hot with desire they melt the chains that enslave them!
Their bodies were caged, but not their desires. They would do anything for a man - or to him.
In this unholy sanctuary you haven't got a prayer...
Do you believe in humans?
When the Creeping Dead devour the living flesh!
Make every move as if it were your last.
A comic with one eye on his audience and another eye on the truth.
The theatre of death
Believe in Yourself and You Can Do Anything!
We are going to eat you!
A Story of Rags to Riches... and More Riches
He's a hilarious hawkshaw... with a case on Dottie!
The things she does to men can end only one way - in murder!
Money can make people do funny things.
The greatest adventure THROUGH all time!
Everybody Needs A Release
An unforgettable story of power and passion
Every government has one.
Friendship. Love. Murder.
And she's out to beat the mob at their own game.
It started with an accident in space . . . and led to the terrifying secret in . . . HANGAR 18
Two brothers locked in deadly combat till the end of time!
Every Girl is Frightened the Night Before Her Wedding, but this Time... There's Good Reason!
The only thing greater than their passion for America... was their passion for each other.
Help is on the way!
For 20 years he's been singing to the country. But he never figured he'd be living his own love songs.
The most dangerous man in the world. He's about to expose the CIA, the FBI, the KGB...and himself.
A hilarious new comedy for everyone who ever wanted to give the oil companies gas pains, turn off the power companies lights and make the banks stand in line for a change.
From The Caverns Of The Deep... It Strikes!
A film to make you feel good again... Step INSIDE Max's bar... It will be one of the best MOVES you've ever made!
For three hundred years a terrifying secret has been kept from the outside world.
His story will make you cry. His music will make you sing. His triumph will make you cheer.
God help us if they rise again!
He was a man of honor in a war without any.
Don't let the title fool you.
Who lit the fuse that tore Harold's world apart?
"All the world likes an outlaw. For some damn reason they remember 'em." - Jesse James
Trapped in a jungle of crazy flesh eaters! The terrifying nightmare that became reality!
You'll meet some interesting people and hear some great songs as The Monster Club
She's the target of every eye...including eyes only science could create.
You might just die...laughing!
If you go down to the woods today.
How do you fight a war called madness?
The gates of hell have opened
That's right, I made another movie. You know me, I can't stop creating.
It's true. People have trouble remembering My Words. Moses had such a bad memory I had to give him tablets.
An adult tail of murder, mystery, and forbidden love.
Dave Speed is saving the world from crime... but who is saving the world from Dave Speed?
They came. They thawed. They conquered.
A secret experiment. A deadly virus. A fatal mistake.
Lights. Camera. Aggravation.
When it comes to love, sometimes she just can't think straight.
Life has its ways of teaching. Life has its ways to confuse us. Life has its ways to move us. Life has its ways to amaze. Life has its ways to hurt us. Life has its ways to heal. Life has its ways to inspire.
He has everything at stake. He can't afford to lose. He's got to make all the right moves.
The man of violence in whose place Christ died
The two stars of "The Cat and the Canary" find love and laughter in a haunted house!
Like Merry Xmas and Happy New Year...They belong together!
You'll Shriek At These Shieks! . . . trying the double - Oh! on Sheikess Dorothy Lamour!
Ready For Fun . . Fight . . or a South Seas Romance . . . ! They find them all on the . . .
IT'S THAT GLEESOME THREESOME AGAIN! Giving you your worth in mirth! Toping all the fun in "Road to Singapore!"
He's seen the future. Now he has to kill it.
This school is our home, we think it's worth defending.
Chased! Hunted! Running for Their Lives. What Deadly Secrets Do They Know?
alone - at last...
"Honor thy wife, and everyone else's."
The legend of lone wolf and cub continues!
He loves you. Do what he says.
The Bandit is back and better than ever!
What we have here is a total lack of respect for the law!
Smokey's Back! And The Bandit is at it again!
There is no such thing as simple love
Two jailbirds who just want out of the cage.
Faster. Sharper. Deadlier.
You saw the back-stabbing. Now see the final cut.
A WORD OF WARNING! Please don't reveal the ending of this picture or your friends will kill you - IF THEY DON'T, I WILL!
During the running of the film,the "Punishment Poll" lets YOU decide the fate of Mr. Sardonicus!
WARNING! 'Strait-Jacket' vividly depicts ax murders!
The adventure of a lifetime, in a few mere seconds.
Get ready for an unexpected hit.
Sometimes dreams come back to life.
Perversion at its wicked best!
For fifty-one weeks a year, they run the country. For one week, they run amok.
One can dream, can't one?
Life made her an outcast. Love made her an outlaw.
Never have two consenting adults consented to so much.
Astronomy major Wendell Tvedt has studied galaxies, charted planets and pondered the universe. But in Palm Springs, he'll encounter his first full moon.
Everything you trust. Everything you know. May be a lie...
Don't Graduate. Celebrate.
All they risked was everything.
All for you...
H.G. Wells' Astounding Adventure in Dynamation!
The husband, the wife...or the bandit?
Slap Shot out slaps... out swears... out laughs...
An ambitious lawyer, a desperate father, they had no reason to meet, until today,
No Soul Is Safe.
How far would you go to fit in?
A romantic comedy without the sugar.
Some secrets won't stay buried.
In the Interest of Civilization... Conform.
Love is here to stay... so is her family.
The Lonesome Whistle of a Train... bringing the gallows closer to a desperado--the showdown nearer to his captor!
Sentenced to 28 years in prison for a crime he never committed. Only two things can get him out - A lot of money and Charles Bronson!
An average Joe. An adventurous comedy.
Powerful Portrayal of Dignity and Courage
They were out for blood, and rotten to the core. Now they're back ...
Killer to the left...Killer to the right...Stand up...Sit down...FRIGHT! FRIGHT! FRIGHT!
Jimmy's finally got a new life. The trouble is, it's somebody else's.
They changed her diapers. She changed their lives.
WANTED: Two thrill-seeking reporters, brains optional, looking to dig up the story of the century. For information call...
Scared of going into the woods? You should be ...
The only flaw in their plan was her.
Warrior. Legend. King.
Unlock the secret.
Sticky & Square
Evil has an upgrade.
Accidents Will Happen
Be careful what your heart desires.
If you're looking for the truth, you've come to the wrong place.
Everyone loves a clown... some more than others.
If You Can't Trust a Car Salesman Who Can You Trust?
A movie felt never so refreshing!
Part Heaven... Part Hell... Pure Havana.
A Comedy about a Soap Opera Writer Who's Typing without a Ribbon
Keep America Beautiful
Lenny's Time Has Finally Come!
A Chilling Tale Of Supernatural Evil.
Don't get mad. Get promoted.
In the night, secrets are stolen
Some lines should never be crossed.
It's going to be a shot in the dark!
With great power comes great responsibility.
I Could Love You If You'd Let Me
The prickly stage success that convulsed audiences around the world... with all its barbed wit and the sharpest comedy cast of the year!
The Fear Is Spreading
Creeping!...Crawling!...Crushing!
Two strangers made friends by a savage land. Two friends made enemies by the civilized world.
Innocence has never been so seductive.
Once they declare war on each other, watch out. You could die laughing.
Where civilization ends, their journey begins.
An Ancient Myth. A Land of Mystery. An Extraordinary Adventure.
A zero will rise.
Where do you go when you've gone too far?
If You're Afraid to Say It... Just See It.
Hot Lead - Hot Cars - Hot Damn!
A fate worse than death!
Warner Bros. sky highest, smile widest, wild and woolliest Western of 'em all!
The compelling story of a girl's impassioned search for happiness.
Is it flesh or wood? Man or monster? Alive or dead?
It's Blazing, Blistering Romance . . . in the wide open spaces !
She's made of bullets, sin & bathtub gin!
One ordinary couple. One little white lie.
A Jedi Shall Not Know Anger. Nor Hatred. Nor Love.
Everybody Loves Ernest... But Nobody's Quite Sure Who He Really Is.
Theirs is not to reason why...
Clint Eastwood will turn you Every Which Way But Loose
Sherlock Holmes' Most Terrifying Adventure!
Barbara Graham's Last Scream From Gas Chamber...
It Started as a Concert. It Became a Celebration.
You have never seen its like -- and may never see its equal!
Everyone has a limit.
A tough cop. A brilliant killer. An unspeakable crime.
Leader. Hero. Legend.
Every picture tells a story.
Ask yourself if you're really happy.
Give this boy enough rope and he'll land Marilyn Monroe!
THE REAL, TRUE STORY OF THE WEST!
...a wicked sensation as the lonely girl in room 809!
For $10,000 they break your arms. For $20,000 they break your legs. Axel Freed owes $44,000.
MARILYN MONROE and YVES MONTAND the French entertainment sensation! Doing what they do best in LET'S MAKE LOVE!
The World of "Mountain" Riviera . . . The Fast Buck . . . The Angry Men . . . The Lonely Women !
Reckless, Roaring, Adventure of the Great Northwest Gold Rush Days!
27,000 nuclear weapons. One is missing.
He's All Action
A Romantic Spectacle of the West!
They crawled their way across the blazing sands of Africa... to turn disaster into victory!
Unarmed and extremely dangerous!
Amazing companions on an incredible journey...that journeys beyond imagination!
From the First Kiss to the Last Blush It's the Craziest Riot On Wheels!
...the fastest fun in the west!
Not for the faint-hearted‰Û_
Two Mismatched Partners. One Messed Up Case!
The Secret Is Out.
She'd get out more if it wasn't a felony.
He was the perfect weapon until he became the target.
Get a Clue
Honor Was Their Code.
There can only be ONE!
Passion, Seduction, Deception.
A pre-histerical comedy!
They saw Paris. They saw France. They saw the Queen in her underpants.
A card cheat was hung... then all hell broke loose!
If ya wanna get saved, ya gotta get hitched
Heroes hit hardest.
It started in May. In a small town. And every month after that whenever the moon was full... it came back.
Tangled Wires... Whispering of Murder! Tangled Lives... Fighting to Escape!
Hombre means man... Paul Newman is Hombre!
Paul Stevens' high school science project has gotten a little out of hand. He just built an atomic bomb. Now he's got 11 hours to make sure it doesn't work.
Two garbagemen who know when something smells funny!
John Ford's New and Finest Picture of the Fighting Cavalry!
No one is beyond suspicion.
Killer eyes. Killer legs. Killer instincts.
He's coming to our galaxy.
The system is perfect until it comes after you.
Follow Your Heart, Follow The Fence
Greetings from ...
A Big Problem Calls For a Big Head
Small town kid, big time right hook.
a comedy for the romantically challenged
The World's Favorite Family is Back.
This summer there's no better place to find yourself.
Johnny can resist anything ...except love and money. Especially money.
They came. They saw. They changed their minds.
Think like Mike, Achieve like Mike, Be Like Mike.
Same Planet. New Scum.
Saving the world before bedtime!
...best friends forever?
His First Big-Screen Adventure!
Fight Fire With Fire
Pray for Michael Sullivan.
A mature love story for immature people.
Space nightmares!
See the greatest cars in the world destroyed!
They don't come any wilder than Oscar Wilde's classic comedy of manners, morals and morality!
John Travolta and Jamie Lee Curtis work up a sweat together!
The award winning musical comes to the screen!
Survival of the fittest
A True Story.
He is alive!
Evil finds its way home
Do you hate spiders? Do you really hate spiders? Well they don't like you either.
Fate has found its hero.
A Little Goes A Long Way
He's still evil... He's still deadly... and he's still surrounded by frickin' idiots!
It's A Bear Getting The Family Together!
Everyone says he should date girls his own age. Oscar respectfully disagrees.
All the Digby-Hill-Chestnut gang need is two breaks... out of jail... into a safe.
The ride of your life.
The world's most uncovered undercover agent!
FLINT'S BACK In Action... In Danger... In the Virgin Islands... Where the Bad Guys... Are Girls!
Nothing can faze Modesty Blaise, the world's deadliest and most dazzlingly female agent!
The ORIGINAL man of mystery!
Films like that can influence the way we see the world
Love is the greatest adventure of all.
Don't tell anyone.
He can get into any disguise... getting out is another story.
It‰Ûªs not like they didn‰Ûªt warn us.
Little Spies. Big Attitudes
It's her last best chance... is she going to take it?
He's a heartbeat away from catching the killer
A New Breed Of Secret Agent.
Share the Ecstacy!
When the King of Rock Meets the Queen of Comedy, Romance Rules.
He's teaching the students at Brandel High two words... NO MORE.
In the not-too-distant future, wars will no longer exist. But there WILL be...The Game
Action's future has arrived...
Three Friends, One Passion, No Limits.
A beautiful yet dangerous place...
The past will connect them. The passion will possess them.
The things that we fear the most have already happened to us...
The One Thing That Could Bring Them Together Is Revenge.
A star is... created.
Two Enemies ... The Mob ... The Ultimate Showdown.
What happens when the world stops caring?
You will feel the power. Live the adventure. Experience the fantastic.
The mother of all movies.
The Nightmare Becomes Reality
Monsters by the millions - and they're all for real!
H.G. Wells Races Through Time To Catch Jack The Ripper!
An army of mutants on a mission from hell!
People who dial 976-EVIL receive supernatural powers and turn into satanic killers.
They went looking for adventure... and found themselves.
See what happens when a dirty bum meets the filthy rich.
HEAR ELVIS SING . . .
The Vampire's Prey... a Beautiful Girl! Compelled to follow his commands! The blood of her fiancÌ© on his hands! How can she escape the vampire?
We Dare You To See It! We Double-Dare You To Forget It!
It's a tough job but somebody's got to do it!
It's all about young people and their growing pains!
They can hear a cloud pass overhead, the rhythm of your blood. They can track you by yesterday's shadow. They can tear the scream from your throat.
The last site you'll ever see.
Bonjour, y'all
When you're searching for a killer... the last suspect you want to see is your son.
His biggest fan just became his worst nightmare.
The Incubus. He is the Destroyer.
Organized crime has never been this disorganized!
It rests on 13 acres of earth over the very center of hell...!
My name is Angela. They're going to kill me.
Everyone's gettin' lined up.
Their intentions were honorable. Their methods were criminal.
Rules are made to be broken.
Crimes of passion are not always between lovers.
Insanity is relative.
Skiing's the easy part.
The wedding picture doesn't always tell the real story.
Martin just wanted a nice, quiet family vacation. Instead, he got... Captain Ron
He's Trained His Brood of Blood-Hungry Bats to Kill on Command!
Guilty of Maximum Fun in the First Degree!
The Gypsy Moths fall fast. They can't stop risking their lives - not even for their down-to-earth women.
So you think you're lucky to be alive...
A nice American family. They didn't want to kill. But they didn't want to die.
A Comedy About Eight Friends Who Return To The Best Summer Of Their Lives!
There's a new kind of hero on the streets!
Eva's new friend has big eyes, hairy feet, and very sticky fingers.
It's Out! It's Out! It's Out!
The Deep End of Horror!
The Wilcoxes were having some problems around the neighborhood... until the ultimate security system landed in their backyard.
Surf's up! Time to save the world!
It was the Wanderer's Against The World...
THRILLS! DRAMA! HEART-THROBS!
Who was that lady I saw you outwit last night? That was no lady...That was 'Mum' Wilberforce, ...
The men who broke the bank - and lost the cargo!
Guinness is Back...Working Wonders With Wile, Whimsey and Wit!
In Beverly Hills, what you fear is only the beginning.
You Are Invited To Participate
Some friendships last forever... like it or not.
Freedom. Country. Honor. Passion. To save his best friend, one man must risk everything he loves.
It was the perfect plan until she refused to be the perfect victim!
Living in a house full of women can be murder.
Assume the position.
The tunnel led Chihiro to a mysterious town...
A film about the war crimes of the American diplomat, Henry Kissinger.
Sometimes What You're Looking For Is Right Where You Left It.
Suit up for action!
Real Love Stories Have No Ending
Malice, Madness, Mayhem
Every kiss has a story.
In 1939, the last hope for thousands of Jews lay in the last place on Earth the Nazis would look.
The Other American Heroes
For those who take their action raw.
Fresh Fish. Mixed Vegetables.
Before the Silence.
Three strangers - one secret.
When you take justice into your own hands, what are the consequences?
Five guys. One safe. No brains.
Here's to risks
Nothing Like This Ever On the Screen!
Incredible, unstoppable titan of terror!
Paris, 1926...there was nothing more modern.
The Onion Field
Intimate and thrilling drama of a hero of the headlines... the girl who had his love and shared his life, but dared not question his one secret!
It's not a place...It's a state of mind
Who will his bride be tonight?
Something funny is brewing at Elsinore Castle...
GLUB! The Face That Launched A Thousand Torpedoes!
One woman's journey into her sexual identity.
The movie that spawned a genre.
Forget Young Guns. Here comes the BIG GUN.
The final act is murder.
The scene behind the scenes.
A '60s radical. An uptight fed. It's gonna be a real trip!
When you're wanted for a murder you didn't commit, chased for secrets you didn't steal, and running from people who want to kill you, the worst mistake you can make is falling in love...
Exciting As Your Wildest Dreams!
Two of the greatest performances you will ever see...
SHAMUS a pool-shooting, card-playing, broad-chasing, private eye...cross him, and he'll blow your head off!
Six hundred feet beneath the surface terror runs deep
When did you first fall in love with hip-hop?
If they don't finish the job, their fathers will finish them.
We all run on instinct
If you could choose to live forever, would you?
One nation under the gun.
Where does comedy come from?
A snooty socialite is stranded on a Mediterranean island with a communist sailor.
Watch who you leave behind.
Nice Wheels. Dirty Deals. And One Mean Mother In A Kilt.
Before you die, you see
A day without sex is a day wasted.
Magically Delicious! A Real Family Treat!
America is test-driving the future
2000 cast members, 3 orchestras, 33 rooms, 300 years, ALL IN ONE TAKE
A joint diary of five girls standing on the tulmutuous summit of adulthood.
In 1935, a New York kid was looking for a hero. He found Dutch Schultz.
At 4 and 14, they tried to live on
Evil has finally found a home.
He has 100 ways to kill... and they all work!
Catch it
Tony Manero knows the old days are over ‰ÛÒ But nobody's gonna tell him he can't feel that good again
...and suddenly the screams of a baby born in Hell!
Hard Hat Days And Honky-Tonk Nights.
The boys and girls of Sigma Phi. Some will live. Some will die.
In the heart of Times Square, a poor girl becomes famous, a rich girl becomes courageous, and both become friends.
See him before he sees you
An ancient gold mask with the power to control minds...
The education they got wasn't in books.
Caught in a game of power. Playing time: 24 hours. Prizes: Untold wealth. Rules: None.
It Preys On Human Fear. It Feeds On Human Flesh.
A Fantasy, A Musical, A Place Where Dreams Come True.
The California Dolls and their best friend Harry...Together they're going for...All The Marbles
Suppose you picked up this morning's newspaper and your life was a front page headline... and everything they said was accurate... but none of it was true.
She's got a way with men. And she's getting away with it...
The first 11 minutes will absolutely shock you. The last 11 minutes will rivet you to your seat.
Murder has a sound all of its own!
Some Things Shouldn't Be Disturbed...
The greatest movie buddies of all time are back!
A legend of terror isn't a campfire story anymore!
A Controversial Thriller of Murder and Revenge.
Banned in 31 countries!
I lost my job, my house and my Rolls Royce; My family left me...What else can possibly go wrong?
Murderer who turn victim into human baked potato have real appetite for crime.
When they met they heard bells. And that was just round one.
It will take your breath away. All of it.
A gruesome secret, protected for generations, rises to give its...
The Saga Of Two Rivals Who Clash As Enemies And Triumph As Heroes.
She is 15. He is 17. The Love Every Parent Fears.
Warriors of a lost martial art! Hired assassins ...human killing machines!
The ultimate story of supernatural terror!
Only the best murder cases make the six o'clock news.
When Make Believe Is Just Not Enough!
Banned in 46 Countries!
In the Supreme Court, there are only eight of them against all of her.
15 minutes from Manhattan there's a place where even the cops fear to tread.
All the boys love Georgia...and Georgia loves all the boys!
ALIEN was the beginning‰Û_ Hell Has Just Been Relocated!
From a place you've never heard of, comes a story you'll never forget.
The time has come to tell the tale.
There were 3 conditions to the 5 million dollar inheritance, and they had to be bathed twice a week.
... there's a little bit of him in all of us.
Nothing Will Prepare You For THE HAND.
It'll be a killer party!
Meet a modern nuclear family unlike any other.
Conceived in violence, carried in terror, born to devastate and brutalize a universe!
She can't fool all the fans all of the time ...
The most notorious novel of the century.
The untold story of the man behind the mask, and the legend behind the man.
If Looks Could Kill...
Don't say his name!
Robert was madly in love with Mary. Mary was madly in love with him. Under the circumstances they did the only thing they could do... they broke up.
She was abused and violated. It will never happen again!
Cross your heart...and hope to die.
Lock the doors... here come the Neighbors
You're never too young to learn the score.
It'll make you laugh...'til you cry.
There's a world on both sides of the rainbow where songs come true and every time it rains, it rains...
It's exactly what you think it is!
It started as a vacation...
Filmed in ODORAMA
When EMANUELLE's Sylvia Kristel is your teacher the bedroom is the classroom
Sea Evil
Do not attempt this at home.
The American Dream... Their way.
Prepare to be seduced
The naked differences between men and women.
What if you could see the future impact of your beliefs? One man will.
A journey to the dark heart of Hollywood.
Casino Royale is too much for one James Bond!
Now, as Then, 'tis Simple Truth: Sweetest Tongue Has Sharpest Tooth
Bring The Little Woman...Maybe She'll Die Laughing!
IT'S A PLOT! ...to make the world die laughing!!
Step into the world of Henry Orient...and meet two junior-size misses and one king-size nut!
Attitude meets espionage.
What's Christmas Fun without some Reindeer Games?
Hell hath no fury...
Nothing is more desirable or more deadly than a woman with a secret.
Every moment is another chance.
It's time to stop hiding from the truth.
A story about discovering your heart in a place you never expected.
Hogwarts is back in session.
Lead us not into temptation
Dallas. 1963. The second shooter.
The soul behind the sound.
Discover the magical movie that has captured the heart of a nation
In the game of life and death... you only lose once.
John Ford's Most Powerful Drama. The Breathtaking Saga of the United States Cavalry! The third installment of John Ford's trilogy...
No Honor. No Respect. No Remorse.
When all you can hear is your own silence.
A world beyond imagination! Adventure beyond belief!
Trained to protect... He is the perfect assassin
The Continuing Drama Of Those Left Behind.
Six men. Full moon. No chance.
A Passion History from Reality
It All Happens Happily on a Heaven of a Houseboat!
Return to the Romance, Return to the Adventure...
They've Always been REBELS - TODAY, They Become HEROES.
It will freeze your blood.
Who says you can't take it with you?
The passion, the violence, the birth of America's Gilded Age.
From the very beginning, they knew they'd be friends to the end. What they didn't count on was everything in between.
On the world's loneliest highway it's not a game - it's murder!
The most erotic thing in their world was money.
Just when you thought it was safe to look at the calendar again.
10 Seconds: The Pain Begins. 15 Seconds: You Can't Breathe. 20 Seconds: You Explode.
If you mess with a cop like Sharky, you better be very tough . . . or very beautiful.
Trust me, I'm a doctor!
A revealing comedy.
It's the land of hospitality... unless you don't belong there.
Someone is hunting tourists out of season.
13å_ Murders + 1423 Laughs = Student Bodies
The comedy for everyone who's had it up to here...
The most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all time.
Every great love leaves its mark.
Some of them promised they'd never fall in love.
Tonight, his take home pay is $410,000... tax free.
This is the sound he created and performed. The rare personal films never before seen by the public. The private moments. The public triumphs. Intimate memories and reflections in his own words.
Two brothers out to save everyone else.  But they couldn't save each other.
He‰Ûªs never been cooler.
In everyone's life there's that one person who makes all the difference.
The party's back in the 'hood!
It's naughty. It's nice. It's animated.
Fear is a trigger
How far will you go for a second chance?
Find your place in the universe.
Are you afraid of the dark? You should be.
They're looking for a few good men.
This woman has just cut, chopped, broken and burned four men beyond recognition‰Û_ but no jury in America would ever convict her!
Adventure beyond imagination
She wants it all...
Only he can see it. Only he shares its magic. Only he knows the danger.
A kingdom ruled by evil. A princess enslaved by passion. A warrior driven by justice.
Dwarfing the mightiest! Towering over the greatest!
Back in therapy
Two worlds collide.
From the creator of Being John Malkovich, comes the story about the creator of Being John Malkovich.
In a future where freedom is outlawed, outlaws will become heroes.
It's a movie about a woman who beheads her brother, stabs her children, and sends her lover's wife up in flames. For Maria Callas, it's a natural.
The film is a musical epic and it is widely considered as the director's best work with Un Homme et une Femme.
Stand up & dance!
The Germans planned a spectaular match - the prisoners planned a spectacular escape.
You'll have a lot of laughs.....before you cry.
An american original.
Too frightened to breathe...
Meet Max 404. He's a little over five years old. He just met his first woman. It's time to get down to Earth.
Mel Gibson blasting his way to hell and back
They share the laughter, the love, the frustration... and the bathroom.
He Was On The Verge Of Becoming A Man... Eater!
What a present for Christmas
With Burt and Dolly this much fun just couldn't be legal!
Will they ever recover...?
You don't have to be crazy to live here...but it helps.
He has trained every thought, every muscle, every nerve, for the moment of truth!
Class of 1984. Is this the future?
A cup of coffee and a side of dreams.
When a man has murder on his mind be sure you don't fall into a...Deathtrap.
A tasty comedy of bad manners.
Half time is game time
The hottest chick in town just switched bodies with the luckiest loser in the world.
A generation's final journey... begins.
Schmidt Happens
The Story of a Father‰Ûªs Love That Changed a Nation.
Some are born with luck. Others gamble for it.
A New Power Is Rising.
This life was so close to never happening.
Antwone Fisher is at war... with himself.
America was born in the streets.
Over. Done. Finished. A comedy about love at last glance.
You don't need extraordinary powers to do extraordinary things.
For a rookie cop, there's one thing more dangerous than uncovering a killer's fantasy. Becoming it.
An act of love, or an act of murder?
One simple lie destroyed everything they had.
You can't judge a man by the company that keeps him!
Fencing is a science. Loving is a passion. Duelling is an obsession.
He had looks, charm... and killer instincts.
Wayne Tangles with Loren...In the Adventure that's Hotter than 1000 Suns!
Real badge. Real gun. Fake cop.
There's being a kid. There's being a adult. And then there's that year in between.
When your Dad's an undertaker, your Mom's in heaven, and your Grandma's got a screw loose...it's good to have a friend who understands you. Even if he is a boy.
These strange creatures still exist in Japan. Probably.
Time is Running Out!
GIGANTIC! The Wonder Picture of All Time!
The Greatest Novel Ever Written ... Now Magnificently Alive On The Screen!
A writer searching for the dead is about to uncover the killer.
I wish momma would stop saying that! Yeah.
From the depths of the sea... a tidal wave of terror!
If this movie doesn‰Ûªt make your skin crawl, it‰Ûªs on too tight!
Beware the triffids... they grow... know... walk... talk... stalk... and kill!
NATURAL or SUPERNATURAL?
"O" is the mistress of all mistresses.
Only the dead have seen the end of war
Life is what happens in between rounds.
Kevin Bacon is Jack Casey. He traded in his three-piece suit for a ten-speed and the streets.
The true story of a real fake.
If You Can't Be Famous, Be Infamous
The time to hide is over. The time to regret is gone. The time to live is now.
Art + Politics = Power
Music was his passion. Survival was his masterpiece.
‰Û_the bubbliest, frothiest, tickliest comedy!
In every good, there is evil. In Holly Gooding there is something worse. Much worse.
not to survive the fight in the external world without inner strength
Anything Could Happen‰Û_ Everything Did!
It's No Laughing Matter.
Some things are better left top secret.
Welcome to the honeymoon from hell.
A comedy about a detective with everything... but a clue.
Crime never looked so good
Boy meets girl. Boy meets girl's cousin.
He stole the money... And he's not giving it back.
They only look like cops.
If you run you're dead... if you stay, you're dead again. Period.
They thought they could get away with murder. They thought they were... Above Suspicion.
Twenty-two and wonderful ... as Booth Tarkington's loveliest heroine!
In prison they are the law. On the streets they are the power.
A Who-Dunit, Who's Got-It, Where-Is-It-Now Wild One From That "Breathless" director Jean-Luc Godard!
Sex, rap and family values?
Skin diving for teasure, adventure and fun!
A dreamboat of a drama.
America is having a love affair with "A Little Romance"
His newest! His Biggest!
Sometimes What You're Looking For... Is Right Beside You.
Sun, surf, sand... and the sexy adventure of a lifetime.
He's head over heels and headed straight for trouble!
Evil rises.
Two Men   Two Worlds   One Cause
You won't be coming home alone.
A heart and soul comedy. Can you dig it?
There never was a Bogart like this... and here's the reason...
They jumped into hell to save part of heaven.
With a Piece in His Hand He Takes on the Man!
It's chillin'!
Hayley's romantic, carefree holiday suddenly becomes an electrifying surprise in suspense!
He wanted power. He wanted revenge. Now he just wants out.
Survival of the fastest.
Death is like a boomerang. it keeps coming back
Trust. Betrayal. Deception. In the C.I.A. nothing is what it seems.
When he talks, women listen.
Be Careful... She Just Might Take Your Heart.
No Punches Pulled! If you thought "On The Waterfront" hit hard... wait till you see this one!
No Bank He Didn't Rob, No Heart He Didn't Steal.
Robert Mitchum fights for the love of three people who want to see him dead...his family.
The Funniest Show on Earth!
Erotic sex or dangerous fantasy?
Their future was menaced by the past
What You Don't Know Can Kill You.
...the most devastating killing machine ever built... his job... steal it!
An obsession, a love, a memory.
A walking weapon that never misses!
In 1901, after 33 years in San Quentin Prison, Bill Miner, "The Gentleman Bandit", was released into the Twentieth Century.
He created "The Maltese Falcon," "Sam Spade" and "The Thin Man" but he didn't write this mystery thriller... he lived it.
The boy is on his way to becoming a man. The man is on his way to becoming a legend.
When love and fate collide
The cops, the mob, the broads, everyone's after Hammer!
The true story of a born winner!
The comedy that examines modern living through chemistry
The comedy that puts ZIP into being a teen...
There's Magic in Believing!
Fists and fun fly fast and furious when the Dragon Lord fights to save his nation's treasure
A provocative tale of hidden desire
Deeds not Words
Forgive me, Father for I have sinned. I have killed for my Country, I have stolen for my Church, I have loved a Woman, and I am a Priest.
Never before in the history of human civilization has there been a movie called "Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl"
The lure of Gold can make a man do anything. Anything.
The Francis Coppola classic that audiences never had the chance to see [re-release]
If only it could have been forever.
The oddest team on the squad and the funniest cops in America.
Godard mixes up politics, love and the workers plight, with the struggles of filmmaking, in his cheeky brand of art.
Buckle Your Swash and Jolly Your Roger for the Funniest Rock 'N Rollickin' Adventure Ever!
Its name is Quetzalcoatl. Just call it Q. That's all you'll have time to say before it tears you apart!
It will take you into a surreal world of passion and sexuality, further than most would dare to go.
...and love will never be the same.
Kenny Rogers is Brewster Baker. His racing career was going in reverse, until six car-crazy kids joined his pit crew and put him back on the track.
In six weeks you can find memories to last a lifetime.
You don't assign him. You unleash him.
Richard Pryor is in a new kind of comedy...about some kind of hero...in some kind of mess.
Slashing Up Women Was His Pleasure
They didn't want to kill him. They just wanted a story.
A Comedy Musical.
If looks could kill...
This time the butler didn't do it!
Most men dream their fantasies. Phillip decided to live his.
Terror Beyond Belief
A chopstick comedy!
For eons they traveled the galaxies. For centuries one was trapped in a Pharaoh's tomb. Now he is free.
The Newest and Funniest 'Panther' of them all.
When man's best friend becomes his fiercest enemy...
The 60 second war begins now!
If war is peace good is evil and day is night then....
The story of three families' search for freedom
He was a powerful warrior from the future, trapped in a prehistoric land, battling for the survival of his people.
They're getting a little behind in their classwork.
One of them is lying. So is the other.
A Royal Kick In The Arse.
A Guardian Devil
Feel the jungle beat
Love is a puzzle. These are the pieces.
Every love story has two sides
He's armed... He's adorable... And he's out of school for the entire summer.
Hail! The conquering hero comes!
A cop... A killer... A deadline.
From the moment he first saw the stallion, he knew it would either destroy him, or carry him where no one had ever been before‰Û_
A magical Adventure begins ...
What the cops can't do, he will.
He didn't want to be hero... until the day they pushed him too far.
He's a cop, She's a thief, together they're running for their lives
Love is color blind.
Freedom always comes with a price.
When the questions are dangerous, the answers can be deadly.
Stephen Crane's Great American Story of the Civil War
She's hoping he's ready. He's wishing she's willing.
Footloose bachelor...beautiful career girl...and the world's most fascinating pastime!
You have to believe it to see it
1992, L.A is at boiling point. One cop's turning up the heat
The nations heart was touched by...
The crime is clear. The truth is not.
All the fun of college, none of the education.
The music of murder.
Is the life you have the life you want?
It's your shot. Take it.
There will be time to wonder
Mortal enemies make dangerous friends.
The only thing worse than losing your mind... is finding it again.
The divorces are final. The fun is about to begin.
Get meteorized.  Take a stand.
Some say he's a miracle man. Some say he's a fraud. You are about to meet a most unusual young man.
Thrill-crazed space kids blasting the flesh off humans!
A woman like Kit comes around once in a lifetime. That's enough.
Everything he needed to know about life, she learned in prison.
He was trained to follow orders. He became a hero by defying them.
Time destroys everything.
Somewhere between Hollywood and the rest of the world.
One family's tale of a homeland lost... and a homeland found.
What do you hold on to when your world turns upside down?
Sometimes, to follow your dreams... you've got to bend the rules!
Some men should not be found.
When the cat's away, the rats will play.
Alone in a foreign city, Cassandra must solve a family's darkest, deepest secrets before she can confront her own past.
Pledge allegiance. Life's a drag.
The ultimate speed freak's tale.
Of good and evil, of love and hate, of peace and war.
A young woman's life is scrutinized by police and tabloid press after she spends the night with a suspected terrorist.
You'll Love Loving You
Screen comedy so gay... drama so thrilling... love so exciting, it will be the talk of YOUR town!
You can never go fast enough...
From The Pages Of The Beloved Best Seller... A Motion Picture To Delight All The World!
Never underestimate the power of an underestimated woman.
I am yours and you are mine
Their Love Made Such Wonderful Music!
The story of two people who got married, met and then fell in love.
A fabulous world below the world
One curse, one cure, one week to find it
Love is what it's all about!
The relationship between four sensual people is limited: They must find a new way.
... once you're on, you'll want to get off...
A circle of friendship. A web of mystery. A pattern of fear.
A tale you'll never forget.
Prepare for her arrival.
Ain't Rock 'N' Roll a bitch.
Danger! Wild woman on the loose!
The unforgettable adventure of Man from the Creation!
A story from the heart of America...to thrill America's heart!
The first motion picture in CinemaScope--the modern miracle you see without glasses!
The only thing better than winning the America's Cup is losing it... and winning it back.
Deception is their most deadly weapon.
Earth has a deadline.
Trying to fit in. Born to stand out.
The past, present, and future. The thoughts and images of one man... for all men. One man's dreams... for every dreamer.
A movie for people who love movies.
A small, peaceful, God-fearing town. But tonight, it's not God they have to fear.
The Bogart suspense picture with the surprise finish -
If he's innocent, the truth could save him. If he's guilty, the lies could kill her.
Romance! Adventure!...as wild as the RAGING SEAS!
Something funny is happening in WINTER KILLS. Take it seriously!
He doesn't want money. He wants what money can't buy.
Love changes a man. Revenge tears him apart.
No options. No lies. No fear. No deals. Just keep talking.
How you gonna make it right?
Feel the Love.
Never underestimate an overachiever.
The legend no one can forget has become the greatest adventure ever filmed.
You'll never get out alive.
There's no room for honesty in a healthy relationship...
A power beyond measure requires a protector without equal.
Three women. Three cities. Three times the trouble.
Back together for the first time, again.
Some secrets are too big to keep hidden.
No good, no bad, no justice.
New thrills! New shocks! New terror!
The picture runs 130 minutes!... The story covers 96 of the most critical hours in man's history!... The suspense will last through your lifetime!
Wanna play? I dare you.
Aflame with the excitement and emotions of tomorrow!
They drank and they dreamed...tomorrow they would conquer the world...then along came Hickey.
Tom Logan has a law partner who put a dog on the witness stand. A client who can't enter a room without a crime being committed. And a case that could turn out to be the murder of the year. His.
Abbie Polin never told anyone the terrible secret about his father... he's alive and well and living in Hollywood.
An Epic Journey.
She Did It And Boy Is She Sorry
Intelligence runs in the family.
Her dream was to coach high school football. Her nightmare was Central High.
From the book that's an American tradition‰Û_ from the smash-hit Broadway show‰Û_ the entertainment of the year!
Every man has a weakness. For millionaire Charley Pearl she's blonde, beautiful and loves to say "I do".
On their 16th wedding anniversary, Deborah and Nick decided to work out all their differences... in public.
It's not about the money. It's about the money.
The secret lies within.
Some families can survive anything.  Even each other.
Everyone wants the last word.
The only risk in taking an adventure is not taking it at all.
The time has come for those who are different to stand united.
Ready or not... the future comes just the same.
An honest man caught in a world of intrigue, power and passion.
To some it's a game. To others it's a habit. But to Dan Mahowny -- beating the odds is everything
Who's your daddy?
A poet. A thief. Two strangers with nothing in common are about to trade their lives for a chance to cheat their destinies.
Seduction Is An Art
Washington Heights Get Out!
Welcome to the world of your dreams!
Takin' The Beat To The Streets!
They're Back... For Everyone Who Believes In the Beat.
The beat of the streets is...
Haunting and brilliant!
They Said Love Is A Battlefield...They Were Right
Bands make it Rock...Roadies make it Roll!
Join "Les Girls" And See A World Of Entertainment !
The Wildest Gunfight in the History of the West !
They're all together for the first time!
The Greatest of All Great MGM MUsicals... Bigger, Better Blushin-er than the famed Broadway Smash Hit
Free your mind.
The ultimate catch has met his match
Reel obsession
Meet the Real Gay Mafia!
They came from Paris, Rome, London and Berlin to... the Spanish Apartment... where a year can change a lifetime.
In Bruce we trust
He's not losing his daughter. He's gaining a madman.
There are 3.7 trillion fish in the ocean. They're looking for one.
Get in. Get out. Get even.
It's the last one you'll ever take.
Who do you believe?
Some lessons can only be learned by heart.
How Fast Do You Want It?
Some called him savage- and some called him saint... some felt his hate- and one found his love... and three had to die...
They only stop to reload
BIG BOUNCY BEAUTIFUL!
A man called
They wanted gold. They gave them lead instead!
All hell is about to break loose.
Are you afraid of death by drowning? Have you ever attepted suicide? Have you ever thought of committing murder?
Steve McQueen takes you for a drive in the country. The country is France. The drive is at 200 MPH!
Give 'Em Hell, John.
When you talk about "The Swimmer" will you talk about yourself?
A Very Funny Picture by Federico Fellini
PIRATE'S PLUNDER a young cabin boy, a roguish buccaneer... match wits in a swashbuckling adventure!
When I wake you... you'll be dead
Run, don't walk to see Walk, Don't Run.
The greatness...the glory...the fury...of the Northwest Frontier!
Hey, it's a '70s thing!
A Quiet hideaway... A Secret rendezvous... then the teen-agers barged in!
They make the fighting sinful west blaze into action before your eyes!
Vive La Coolest Cat Who Ever Captured The Happy Heart Of Paris!
They made the toughest among them... King!
Your body is 93% water... no one is safe.
Divided by time and tradition. United by love and hope. The story of an unforgettable family.
THE SAGA OF THE McLAINE BROTHERS!
Dreams do come true...sometimes.
In crime and comedy, timing is everything.
They're lifting the game to a higher level
RENEE...the innocent...and the untamed...BEN...the gambler...and the loser...GANNON...the law...and the noose...RUBE...the friendless...and the afraid.
The Railway, the Children . . . and the wonderful secret they'll share with you !
CLINT EASTWOOD...the deadliest man alive...takes on a whole army with two guns and a fistful of dynamite!
The Gun That Won The West!
The men who fought. The women who waited. And the stolen moments they shared.
Every boy needs a mother...even if Dad has to marry her!
An American platoon parachutes into Burma to take out a strategic Japanese outpost
He's Skipper "Duke" Gifford Who Could Put A Torpedo Through A Needle...And Sew Up A Date With A Laugh!
A true story based on the award-winning book by Tobias Wolff.
The Story of the "Fragile Fox" Company!
There's only one thing stranger than what's going on inside his head. What's going on outside.
A sexy, lusty uninhibited comedy.
The Most Important Picture Ever Produced
RELENTLESS SUSPENSE!
Big Jake the Adventurer... Paul Regret the Gambler... Pilar the Gypsy beauty... Three With a Past... Destined to Cross and Clash... In a Kingdom of Killers!
Theirs was the triumph - yours, the excitement!
You can't buy respectability by putting a wedding ring on it!
They were alone on this Pacific Island... trapped behind enemy lines... the marine who had been thru Hell and Sister Angela with her supreme faith in God.
How many times does it take to steal the same diamond?
The red-hot lowdown on a southern family...that people talked about in whispers!
As a lawyer all she wanted was the truth. As a daughter all she wanted was his innocence. How well do you really know your father?
These were the adventures . . . fighting, laughing and brawling their way from Seattle to Nome!
The House of Hatred and Revenge
There was no quiet on the Western Front!
At last!  The sensational best-seller comes to the screen!
A NEW TRIUMPH FROM ACADEMY AWARD WINNER JOHN HUSTON
Across 2000 Miles Of Savage Wasteland... They Lived A Thundering Adventure That Rocked Two Nations!
A comedy with everything on it.
Sex, drugs and punk rock. Add violence and time travel and you have Jubilee.
In a dangerous world of mystery and intrigue, she's going undercover searching for the truth.
A lawman and his sons face the ultimate test of courage.
THE LEGEND - John Wayne is 'Chisum'
Just how far will a government go to hide the truth?
Dr. Lauren Slaughter, professor, emissary, hooker, target.
In a world of cons... Eddie's a pro.
Here is greatness . . . wonder . . . and majesty . . . no human words can describe!
If this story ain't true... it shoulda been!
A close-up look at the most embarrassing decade in history.
Julie as you love her... in the happiest motion picture hit of the year!
Stewart McBain is showing his kids a new side of life. The Outside.
The evolution of dumb...
The tale of two American Idols.
The Family Vacation Goes Overboard
In a word, they're gone
Her Familia, His Problema!
Is it love... or are they just imagining things?
You're Never Alone
Terror ... Tension ... Almost More Than The Heart Can Bear !
The King of the undead marries the Queen of the Zombies
3 girls. 3 guys. 365 days to get it together.
His fear began when he woke up alone. His terror began when he realised he wasn't.
This summer the Angels are back.
A family reunion with some minor complications.
Power. Corruption. Revenge.
Nick is leaving. Beth is staying. Carol is waiting. Sid is painting.
The story of Jesus according to the Gospel of Luke.
The greatest Viking adventure of them all!
Heartbreak...!
From the sensational Broadway stage success that had audiences crying its acclaim!
There Was Only One.
The only thing they can count on is each other.
All the glory and splendor of King Arthur's court
A Glove Story
It takes a girl to supply the answer!
He's the biggest thing to hit Japan since Godzilla!
The Happy Street-Walker of Piraeus...
Mad As In Angry. Or Just Plain... NUTS
Tears. Laughter. Innocence. It was a summer of remembering.
The Company that made "Quo Vadis" brings the world another spectacular romantic triumph!
Gene Wilder... wilder than ever!
They love to fight... but not at night!
No one does it to you like Roman Polanski.
When murder is the motive, seduction is the last defense.
A screwball comedy. Remember them?
Unleash the hero within
Bigger. Bolder. Blonder.
The Machines Will Rise.
On the surface, all is calm
Prepare to be blown out of the water.
Hustler, dreamer, devil, saint
The power of seven become a league of one.
She's Making Peace One Man at a Time.
You can't choose who you fall in love with
If you can't stand the heat, get out of Miami.
Rule #1 There are no rules.
He knows no fear, he knows no danger, he knows nothing.
Every dream has its price.
What do you do when your best friend's a 400-pound gorilla? Anything she likes.
For everyone who's waited to be chosen, and wasn't... your day has come.
They're Taking Over The Country In An Invasion Of Laughs!
Clayboy's schoolteacher impresses upon Clayboy the following phrase, "The world steps aside to let a man pass, if he knows where he is going"
Would you reach out your hand to save a drowning man if you thought he might pull you in?
Adventuress Lara Croft goes on a quest to save the mythical Pandora's Box
The hopes of a nation rode on a long shot.
3rd Mission. 3rd Dimension.
War is hell... but peace is f*#!%!! boring.
You can't fit in when you already stand out.
She's on an adventure that could change her life... if she doesn't turn back
This film is not based on a real story. It is based on thousands.
How many tellers does it take to rob a bank?
They gave her looks. Brains. Nuclear capabilities. Everything but an "off" switch.
Come and get him.
The greatest sea adventure in history has just begun!
It happened in Climax, Nevada
Billy Wilder's Explosive New Comedy
The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes. Anything But Elementary.
A hero who doesn't exist must save America from an enemy we never knew we had.
When juggers play there is only one way to live - THE HARD WAY!
WOODY ALLEN STRIKES BACK!
If You Haven't Seen "White Lightning" You Haven't Seen Burt Reynolds
Forever hold your piece.
Life doesn't play by the rules.
A rock-star father. A long-lost daughter. Comedy is relative.
In a place that defied belief their only hope was each other.
Mondays are manic. Wednesdays are wild. And Fridays are about to get a little freaky.
You're either S.W.A.T. or you're not.
Everything sounds sexier in French.
The Poor Man's "Dolce Vita"
It's A Headache From Hell!
An off-beat comedy about serious matters by PIER PAOLO PASOLINI.
High tech. High risk. Huge profits... Who wants to be an Internet Millionaire?
Look what the wide dragged in.
A Motion Picture which will be seen by the entire world - up to the end of the world!
Love is a bitch...called Martha.
A heartwarming tale of murder.
Unwittingly, he trained a dolphin to kill the president of the United States.
With These People Trying To Kill Him, Joey Boca May Just Live Forever
Evil Will Battle Evil
Live Fast... Play Hard... Die Laughing...
No place to run. No reason to hide.
Get ready to kick some grass!
They're about to teach each other how to act their age.
Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff
Save the world. Get the girl. Pass math.
There's more to do in snow than ski.
UNLIKE ANYTHING YOU'VE SEEN BEFORE!
Companion, Protector, Killer
Two forces have claimed the house. Only one will survive.
His quest for vengeance... may cost him everything.
She's curious, he's nervous
A sure thing comes once in a lifetime... but the real thing lasts forever.
It's not a kid's game anymore.
She's cool. He's hot. She's from the Valley. He's not.
A blind woman plays a deadly game of survival.
Love has a language all its own
One's a warrior. One's a wise guy. They're two L.A. cops going after a gang of drug lords. Feet first.
Isn't Life Depressing?
Visit the future where love is the ultimate crime.
Sometimes going home is the hardest journey of all.
Here's a Helluva Swelluva Free-Swinging Movie!
A hilarious study in the gentle art of murder.
If you're looking for trouble - - - he's JOE KIDD
THEY WERE ALL DRAWN TO THE KEEP. The soldiers who brought death. The father and daughter fighting for life. The people who have always feared it. And the one man who knows its secret... THE KEEP Tonight, they will all face the evil.
Ride the JUGGERNAUT of destruction from the depths of the Seven Seas to the Outer Limits of Space!
Terror Comes In Small Packages!
It's alive !
The funniest, sexiest midlife crisis in movie history.
The monster movie that breaks new ground.
Dance she did, and dance she must - between her two loves
A Madcap Frolic Of Crime and Fun
Who is this man ? And what is he doing ? Who Cares. But don't miss my new movie...
Somewhere... somehow... someone's going to pay.
Throughout history he has filled the hearts of men with terror, and the hearts of women with desire.
One of the Great Films of Our Time!
Obsession. Betrayal. Revenge. And other funny business.
A FILM ABOUT ART, POLITICS AND WAR
A haunting tale of sexuality in a country gone wrong.
On this earth, in this land, We are all here for a reason.
The celebrated story of a man obsessed by ideal beauty
Uptown Gets Down.
When you're 17, every day is war.
Heaven and hell are on Earth, and they're wearing heels.
He can taste your fear.
If love is only a game...Why not cheat?
50 million people used to watch him on TV. Now he washes their cars.
Every soul has its price.
A senseless tragedy. An unlikely friendship. A search for answers.
'Til death do they party...
Terror‰Û_ in the flesh.
Lie. Cheat. Steal. Rinse. Repeat.
The Time Has Come.
Everyone wants to be found.
Know Your Enemy
I hate you more than I can bear. And I love you more than I can bear.
Looks can be deceiving.
Be home before nightfall... and pray for dawn!
Two Strangers in a Strange Land.
His first time may be his last.
Love is hard to find, when the whole world is watching.
When you have attitude who needs experience?
Never was a Hero needed more...
These aren't everyday people and this is no ordinary movie.
A splendid time is guaranteed for all.
TARGETS are people‰Û_ and you could be one of them!
The most explosive adventure of our time!
A BEAUTIFUL FILM . . . An intimate and exquisite probe of the feminist heart.
Kristofferson and MacGraw...ain't nothin' gonna get in their way!
The darkest day of horror the world has ever known.
An adventure like you've never seen.
She gave and gave, until she had nothing left to give
Keep your eyes on what she can not see.
A new comedy that dosn't blow... It sucks!
America's Funniest Guys are G.I.s!
More hip than humanly possible.
Don't let it control you!
A jewelled secret city...guarded by the jungle's fiercest denizens!
A one-night stand with eternal complications!
This was the night of the CRAWLING TERROR!
The Ultimate Experience Of Inner Terror
Mark Twain's Immortal Classic !
In any relationship one person always does the heavy lifting.
The perfect house hides the perfect crime.
Underworld
The King vs. The King of the Dead.
Six Women. One Dream.
The deeper the sleep. The darker the fear.
The journey to freedom has no borders.
Two soldiers and a love that lasts forever...
cut to the chase
Life offers you a thousand chances ... all you have to do is take one.
Courage has no speed limit
Things change. Family doesn't.
An observation of the humanity of young people.
First it controls your mind. Then it destroys your body.
Once upon a time in India
The event the world will never forget
They couldn't have celebrated happier anniversaries if they were married to each other.
In Concert And Beyond
LUSTY, MIRTHFUL GIRL-STEALING MUSICAL! . . . with Seven Great Songs!
The most devastating detective story of this century.
Dare to enter a world of future videogames.
He's Russian. That explains a lot.
The head of the family is the one with the tail.
The Newton Family is going to the dogs...
Meet Sam Quint... Stealing from him is the biggest mistake you can make.
Once upon a time in South Central L.A... It ain't no fairy tale.
Glamour was the disguise.
Every year brings a great movie. Every decade a great movie musical!
They come from everywhere to challenge their fate...
The strong arm of the law.
Love Thy Neighbor's... Money
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife.
When Insects Attack!
Extermination is not just a business. It's a way of life.
Trust is fatal.
It took God six days to create the earth, and Monty Python just 90 minutes to screw it up.
They dare to climb a terrifying new peak in suspense... all the way up to hell!
A cop on the edge.
Self-Defense is not murder
Flunk 'em if they can't take a joke.
G-G-GUARANTEED! YOU'LL BE SCARED UNTIL YOU LAUGH YOURSELF SILLY!
When a hotshot cop and a wise-guy detective get together... the heat is on!
A dangerous romance
Jerry Mitchell just bumped into Buddy Revell. Now Jerry isn't thinking about math or english. Because at three o'clock, he's history.
An adventure in obsession...
Hungry like the Wolf.
The sights and sounds of the '60s. There were bittersweet times. There were funny times. And it was all unforgettable.
In the Wild West, a woman had only two choices. She could be a wife or she could be a whore... Josephine Monaghan chose to be a man.
How close can you get to a killer before you're too close?
If you don't know his story you don't know the whole story.
He's an ASTRO-KNOTT turned ASTRONAUT in the Maddest Mixup in Space History!!
He's so bad he was scalped by a cigar store Indian!!
Suddenly, on a peaceful Sunday in the country, one man was forced to defend his home and his family!
She was a nobody until someone found...
Every Suspenseful Moment...Every Embrace...Every Kiss - A Breathtaking Experience!
His life was based on power, success, and ruthlessness. Until a bullet made him think again.
One night can change a lifetime.
Never Start a Romance You Can't Put Out.
You can feel them in your blood!
Invisible and Deadly!
You're only seventeen once. For Jones Dillon, it's one time too many.
Madness, Murder and Malpractice.
When your hospital is a war zone, you have to fight to save lives.
Whichever side you take, you're wrong.
A love story shadowed by murder. A comedy laced with horror.
A Living, Crawling, Hell on Earth!
What the DICKENS have they done to Scrooge?
Real miracles, sensibly priced.
When Shade's good, she's very good. But when Trudi's bad, she's better.
All the girls want to take Brett Wilson home, but his friends just want to take him to the bank.
"Hunt her down...until she comes up!"
It wasn't just a crime.  It was a crime of passion.
Get ready to Laugh, to Sing, to Shout! ...For here comes Uncle Sam's Star Spangled Yankee Doodle Dandy!
Feudal Japan - A Time of Danger, Intrigue and Deception...
A GREAT MOTION PICTURE DARES TO BE DIFFERENT!
They didn't take orders...They took over.
Sometimes the truth is in the lie.
The Clock Is Ticking...
He just landed the gig of his life: 5th grade.
Loneliness is much better when you have got someone to share it with.
Sex, drugs, murder. Welcome to L.A.
We bury our sins, we wash them clean.
Rover is about to take over.
You won't last the night.
They can't keep their hands off each others assets.
Go for the kill.
Love. Real or Just a Chemical Reaction?
Trials are too important to be decided by juries.
What you know about fear... doesn't even come close.
She's the one in every family.
The future could be history
Life was too small to contain her...
Why would anyone want to kill Veronica Guerin?
Everything you know about desire is dead wrong.
Where hope survives.
His courage made them champions.
Great trilogies come in threes.
Nature Calls
An ordinary high school day. Except that it's not.
Some of us were never meant to fit in.
When it comes to murder, seduction and betrayal he wrote the book. Now he's living it!
Introducing the plans for a new business venture.
Love. Marriage. Acceptance. Sex change.
If love takes no prisoners, somebody forgot to tell them.
Life... it's about to hit the fan!
The people at the center of the earth are about to get a visitor.
It could be tomorrow!
You only respect what you fear.
It began as a wish, became an adventure, and ended as the ultimate road trip.
It isn't always an invitation to a kiss
A candidate's private moment can all too quickly become public record.
Life as a teenager isn't always easy.
The hilariously sexy comedy!
Every horror you've seen on the screen grows pale beside the horror of
How can you believe your eyes when they're not yours?
Evil ends here.
Exciting loveliness and rhythm in a star-spangled army musical!
Your blood will run cold when the monster rises.
He wants to save her. She wants to pervert him. Who will win?
Attraction drew them together. Compulsion drew them to murder.
The Most Incredible Weapon Ever Wielded!
Life on the edge of the American Dream.
Peter Fonda is riding again... To the woman he lost ... for the revenge he craves!
No place to hide... Nowhere to run...
THE MASTER MINDS OF MYSTERY!
THEIR NEWEST AND GREATEST ADVENTURE!
Anything can happen to the girl in...
How far would you go to escape the past?
Hollywood...It's a dirty town but someone has to do it!
Homeless. Motherless. But full of potential.
Everything that has a beginning has an end.
This holiday, discover your inner elf.
The ultimate romantic comedy.
Love is wonderful. Until it happens to your only daughter.
Real life has never been so animated.
The courage to do the impossible lies in the hearts of men.
In his own words
Cowboys. Aliens. Blue suitcases and bowling balls. Strange things are happening out in the middle of nowhere.
How far would you go, how much would you sacrifice to get back what you have lost?
Don't mess with the hat.
Because someone is dead doesn't mean they're gone.
How much does life weigh?
A provocative new comedy about sex, friendship, and all other things that invade our lives.
He doesn't care if you're naughty or nice.
Check your pulse at the door... if you have one.
They had to travel into the past to save the future
Desire... Deceit... Destiny...
They destroyed everything he had, everything he was. Now, crime has a new enemy and justice has a new face.
It feeds on your fear
Make the office a wonderful place to love in!
Someone was seduced. Someone was set up. and before it was all over... someone was dead.
DEATH LIVES in the Vault of Horror!
They're a new breed of gangster. The new public enemy. The new family of crime.
Is it a game, or is it real?
Jimmy Takes A Vacation... You Have All The Fun!
War...and how it affects the lives of our children
The Immortal Story of Love and Intrigue During French Revolution!
An Immortal Screen Classic that will live Forever!
You must become Caligari.
Murder In Moscow
Never have so few taken so much from so many.
A comedy beyond the call of duty.
There's only one way these two are going to get along...
It's a kind of magic.
A Journey That Will Open Your Mind... And Touch Your Heart.
She's turning his house into a home...hers!
Danger is his middle name.
From deep space... The seed is planted... the terror grows
Go ahead, you tell him you didn't do your homework.
When Ralph becomes royalty, laughter reigns!
In a game of life and death... one wrong move could be his last...
Everyone had counted them out. But they're about to get back in the game.
Bernardo Bertolucci's Landmark Film
Some people make their own miracles.
She gave her innocence, her passion, her body. The one thing she couldn't give was her love.
Larry Burrows Wished For It All... Until All That He Wished For Came True!
The wedding night, the anticipation, the kiss, the knife, BUT ABOVE ALL...THE SUSPENSE!
When the law can't protect the innocent,  the only hero left is an outlaw.
The Man, The Woman, The Mother.
Some fight for money... Some fight for glory... He's fighting for his son's love.
He's an ex-cop with a bad mouth, a bad attitude, and a bad seat. For the terrorists on flight 163 . . . he's very bad news.
When the Air Force assigned Jimmy Garrett to a top secret project, he didn't know what he was in for. Neither did they.
Photographs don't lie, people do.
Somewhere on the Mexican Riviera, a beautiful, rich heiress has gone missing. Only one man can find her. Unfortunately, they sent two
Could you kill your best friend?
You are cordially invited to a wedding where everybody wants to kiss the bride... except the groom.
The final vision of a controversial filmmaker.
At Ocean Front High, what do they call a guy who cuts classes, hates homework, and lives for summer vacations? Teacher.
Four strangers become friends. Four friends become heros. On the road to...
The bank robbery was easy. But getting out of New York was a nightmare.
Pray it doesn't happen to you.
Powered by imagination.
A passion that cannot be denied. A betrayal that cannot be forgiven.
There's no such thing as an overnight success. Brantley Foster took two weeks.
Two girls. One love.
Tonight is what it means to be young.
He always wanted to be special... but he never expected this!
A man only sees what a woman wants him to know.
Two men from different worlds. Two cops after the same killer. Together they must uncover the secrets. Together they must discover the truth.
A federal agent is dead. A killer is loose. And the City of Angels is about to explode.
The Firpo Brothers can get away with anything. They just can't get away!
The many faces of a woman trying to find herself in a world of men.
A wild crazy love story.
Saving the world from witches is a tall order for a boy they've turned into a mouse!
Three Beautiful Women. One Lucky Devil.
It isn't the Bronx or Brooklyn, it isn't even New York. It's Chinatown... and it's about to explode.
When the odds are against you, sometimes the only bet is yourself.
Too big for the world... So they staged it in the clouds... Too beautiful for words... So they set it to music!
In the Super-Dreadnought of Musical Shows
History called her "The Temptress"!
Jerome Kern's Queen of Musical Romances!
THRILLS OF YOUNG LOVE!
A glorious songburst of gaiety and laughter!
Three Centuries In The Making ! An immortal literary classic becomes a triumph of the ages !
Here for all!! All the happiness of the play that ran longer, the laughs that were louder than any known before!
Simple Story Of A Boy . . . A Girl . . . And A Horse! Set to the thunder of the Grand National Steeplechase!
And now, the movie......
I've Crammed EVERY MINUTE SO FULL of waste. And now there's so little time. I don't know what to do. I'm afraid!
Inside the rock called Alcatraz they tried to chain a volcano they called
A breathtaking journey into the heart of darkness
Once upon a time
The fiery cross of the Ku Klux Klan.
Fellini's Masterpiece !
Evocative, compelling, fascinating, different - an important motion picture, an exceptional work of art from the brilliant Alain Resnais
Big as the men who faced this challenge! Bold as the women who loved them!
Danger holds the reins as the devil cracks the whip! Desperate men! Frontier women! Rising above their pasts in a West corrupted by violence and gun-fire!
... The Picture That Gets Away With Murder!
SONGS! Where Walks My True Love -- Baby Let Me Take You Dreaming -- Life Could Not Better Be -- The Maladjusted Jester -- My Heart Knows A Lovely Song! -- Outfox The Fox
There are bad cops, good cops - and then there's Bullitt.
A Fearless Feminine Creature with a heart full of love!
Impact! Power! Fire! Pathos! Drama!
"Come up and see me sometime - any time!"
Two of Hollywood's most beloved stars, Cary Grant and Doris Day, sparkle in a breezy, stylish comedy that's rich with romantic delights.
Here's laughing at you, kid.
Rock is ready to make love yesterday, tomorrow, and especially to Day (Doris that is!)
He picked up a girl from the gutter - and changed her into a glamorous society butterfly ! . . . See Wendy Hiller, new star discovery, in this amazing role !
David Lean, the Director of "Doctor Zhivago", "Lawrence of Arabia" and "The Bridge on the River Kwai", invites you on . .
The film that introduced Bossa Nova to the world...
The Fantastic World of Fellini!
One man's strength will unite an empire.
The Maddest Comics of the Screen!
Obsession burns beyond control.
A Boulting Bros. Thriller With a Difference!
He was headed to Beverly Hills to be a plastic surgeon... but he took an exit to a town that didn't take plastic.
"Just The Facts."
The bad news is you have houseguests. There is no good news.
Paranoia meets pandemonium.
A small town. A small team. A big dream.
It's a highly dangerous comedy!!
The world's toughest city needs more than an army to stop the mob‰Û_ They need one man!
A story of love...set against the violence of rebellion
The story of a love triangle... and the four people trapped in it!
When the Screaming starts and the Blood begins to flow... Pinch yourself and keep repeating I'M AT THE MOVIES! I'M AT THE MOVIES! I'M AT THE MOVIES! I'M AT THE MOVIES!
See it, be amazed at it, but... BE QUIET ABOUT IT!
Your luck just ran out.
Warning: Crazy People are coming.
Funniest Picture in 10 Years!
Exterminate all rational thought.
Pursued by the mob, Hunted by the police...Luck was his only weapon, And she his only hope.
The future is here!
Shame, shame, everybody knows your name!
The Inn... The Guests... The Sensations...
Don't miss it! The funniest picture ever made!
It's High Noon at the End of the Universe.
A Film for Adults
Antoine knows what he wants to do... his problem is doing it
When your life depends on losing... the last thing you need is lady luck.
Her dream. Her terms
In the face of an enemy, in the heart of one man, lies the soul of a warrior.
An adventure as big as life itself.
Schmucks are people too.
Whatever happens to the boys, one thing is certain. Nothing will ever come between them.
Discover the mystery behind the legend.
At the end of World War II, many of those involved in war crimes were prosecuted. Some got away. Until now.
The eye of the enemy is moving.
In a world that told them how to think, she showed them how to live.
Some ladies will do anything for a good cause.
Some dreams can't be shared.
The first female serial killer of America
Growing pains? They've got twelve of them!
Find the strength. Find the courage. No matter what it takes... find the way home.
Remember the future.
All children grow up except one.
The greatest story of friendship ever told.
The delectably twisted fable centers on two penniless but shapely young women who set out to better their social station by manipulating men.
How do you fall in love with the whole world watching?
The 2002 Interviews.
For the most cautious man on Earth, life is about to get interesting.
A musical tail about one dog's dream of becoming a boy
Circuit of Fire
To save her family a girl must become a boy
Gone is the romance that was so divine.
A passion. An obsession. A love that destroyed everyone it touched.
He knew where $50,000 lay begging to be STOLEN!
EXPLORER, MISTRESS, VAGRANT, LOAFER, ARTIST, TRAMP ... THEY ARE ALL AT THE CAPTAIN'S TABLE!
This motion picture is an act of pure aggression
Soup's on!
It's all prime property!
The fate of the world is in their hands. God help us all.
Monte Carlo can be hard on tourists. This weekend it's murder!
An arresting comedy
Mix-ups, Mishaps, Madness, and Mayhem... It's all part of the service.
The ultimate martial art.
Kojak. Columbo. Dirty Harry. Wimps.
"If you're smart you'll come down - if you're dumb you'll be dead..."
A completely new experience between men and women!
Hijackers. Kidnappers. Killers. Only one man can stop them.
The Pick-Up Artist... has finally met his match.
He defied the army and navy . . . and they gave him a Court Martial!
It was supposed to be an easy job
They Thought Prison Would Be The Death Of Him. But For Dr. West, Death Is Only The Beginning.
The camera never lies... it's a pity about friends
The shattering true story of the Hell's Angels of Northern California! The violence...The hate...The way-out parties...Exactly as it happens!
Between the wind and the lion is the woman. For her, half the world may go to war.
Mr. Hulot Ventures Into Suburbia...And Disrupts...Disassembles...And Demolishes With His Very Subtle Satire
The hilarious inside story of those rip-roaring spring vacations!
It CHILLS you! Half-MAN! Half-MONSTER!
It's laugh-vacation time as Jacques Tati romps through the most gloriously mad lark ever to tickle the ribs of young and old alike!
She was everything the West was - young, fiery, exciting!
...and this is how SHERIDAN TOOK GRANT!
If you thought divorce was ugly, try marriage!
TALK ABOUT T.N.T.! THIS is IT!
The blazing mountain manhunt for Killer Mad-Dog Earle!
IN DANGER AS VIOLENT AS THEIR LOVE!!!
Tough! True! Terrifying!
No picture in 1940 will have bigger thrills!
Micki was the only woman he ever wanted to marry. Until he met Maude. So, he did what any honorable man would do. He married them both.
Women cry for it - Men die for it!
A picture as excitingly different as its title!
Please don't tell why his hair turned green!
HE was more than a cop. SHE was more than a thief.
It's the habit forming comedy the whole family can enjoy!
Holli Would if she could ...and she will
What would you do if you found a million bucks?
The Best Spy Thriller of Nineteen Sexty-Sex!
...and so do the boys!
An arranged marriage. A deranged murder.
You've been hearing about a great picture called La Strada (The Road)...now it is here!
Love really hurts.
A rather kinky tale of survival.
Three marooned astronauts. Only 55 minutes left to rescue them. While the whole world watches and waits...
Passion. Greed. Murder. Tonight they pay
The Cruel Hand of Intolerance
Commies made him an atomic mutant!
A ghost-woman owned him body and soul!
Teenage Killers Taking Their Thrills Unashamed!
The most fantasmagorical musical entertainment in the history of everything!
Book into Neil Simon's Hotel Suite for the time of your life
When they take you for an out-of-towner, they really take you.
STOOGES MEET MARTIANS...In Their Newest Screwiest Escapade!
A salesgirl with plenty of 'it' pursues a handsome playboy.
Such minor changes, such huge consequences.
In every love story, there's only room for one leading man.
It's all in who you trust
The S.A.T is hard to take. It's even harder to steal.
If you want respect, you've got to take it.
Aaron prays. Christian plays... Opposites attract.
Let your hair down
They're on a mission without permission.
If you believe in yourself, anything can happen.
Together nothing is impossible. Together nothing is forbidden.
No One Can Stand Its Mental Power!
The First Hip-Hop Whodunnit!
Love is the only lead worth following.
Like 'DINER' and 'AMERICAN GRAFFITI', it's fast, funny and fresh.
An Unconventional Romance
Never a dude like this one! He's got a plan to stick it to The Man!
A delightfully delicious dilemma!
It's the same two dudes from "Uptown Saturday Night"...but this time they're back with kid dyn-o-mite!
They get funny when you mess with their money.
The road to redemption is covered in blood.
In the fight for freedom, you have to break all the rules.
Blacula! - Dracula's Soul Brother!
The black prince of shadows stalks the earth again!
When America marched off to war the women marched into the factory. From then on...nothing was the same.
They all came to the wrong place at the wrong time.
It's happening so fast.
They're good boys with bad attitude!
The mansion‰Û_ the madness‰Û_ the maniac‰Û_ no escape.
Yes Sir! Wednesday was WILD! Wednesday was RUGGED! THE WILDEST WACKIEST MOST HILARIOUS AND COMPLETELY BOLLIXED-UP DAY YOU EVER HEARD OF!
Unfortunately, they're both on our side.
Imagine having to win over the girl of your dreams... every friggin' day.
It's the maximum trip... at maximum speed.
"Happiness Must Be Earned"
She mates and she kills.
Betrayed by power. Corrupted by love. Bound by honor.
An action packed adventure, full of laughs and heroics.
The Love Story of a Bold Buccaneer
Nobody gives him a Raw Deal
At The Top Of The Year's
IT CAPTURES ALL...all the happiness and heartbreak of being America's #1 hometown hero.
The best just got better
Everything is changing... Except the human heart.
She's making a scene over everything.
No actual Europeans were harmed in the making of this film.
By his wounds, we were healed.
A vacation to die for
Break the rules. Find your freedom. Live your life.
Every murder has a mark.
The German Democratic Republic lives on -- in 79 square meters!
Unbridled. Unbroken. Unbeaten.
They're the man.
The truth shall come to light
A side of life you never expected to see on the screen!
Bogart rips the Jap underworld apart over a blonde in a Tokyo hot spot !
THREE OF THE BIGGEST IN ONE OF THE BEST!
How the law took a chance on a B-girl‰Û_ and won!
He was soon to become the second most powerful man in Nazi Germany.
She's about to go where no girl has gone before!
The chase is on!
Don't do it with your eyes closed.
Meet the Mastermind Who Pulls the Strings in the Underworld...and all his mobs and dolls...filling the London fog with laughter and lunacy!!!
Adventure is an attitude.
Matt never saw her coming... but all his friends had!
The most important part of a story is the ending.
She's missing
Meet a man dying to live
What's the difference between Clifford and a pit bull? One will tear your heart out, scare your friends and wreck your house. The other one is a dog.
A cop who'd rather be an artist. A mobster who'd rather be a comic. And a woman who'd rather be anywhere but between them.
Go wild in the country!
Small town America will never be the same again.
When the undead rise, civilization will fall.
You can erase someone from your mind. Getting them out of your heart is another story.
He would kill to be you.
What Becomes a Serial Killer Most?
Life is what happens in between.
He wanted it all...but he got more than he bargained for.
The greatest criminal minds of all time have finally met their match.
No king rules forever.
They came. They saw. They ran.
They're not looking for love, they're looking for a wife!
A quiet little town not far from here.
The British Empire branded them as outlaws. The oppressed called them heroes.
From the Dark Side to Our Side.
Bust a Moo
Finding your inner princess can be such a royal pain.
One man will stand up for what's right.
Crime. Confusion. Compassion. They're all just states of mind.
Take the ride.
You will never forget
Get enchanted
They missed each other. This time, their aim is better.
Who can you trust when everyone's a suspect?
Lie, cheat, steal... your deal!
For a mother, a sister and a niece, nothing is the same... Since Otar Left
When there's no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth.
Travel back through time and space to the edge of man's beginnings... discover a savage world whose only law was lust!
For these girls... it's all about survival.
There are "Westerns" and "Westerns". Every now and then comes a NEW kind of Western. This is "BANDOLERO!".
or How I Flew from London to Paris in 25 hours 11 minutes
He's the New Father of His Country!
DON'T CALL HIM NO DAMN GOOD ...NOT IN FRONT OF HER!
Welcome to the Bottom of the Food Chain!
It's their party... you can die if you want to.
TOGETHER AGAIN!...in the BEST and FUNNIEST 'Road' Picture Yet!
They dish out the dizziest rib-ride of the year!
A Zany, Hilarious Romp!
Be happy go wacky!
Getting in was easy... getting out was war!!!
The one weekend of the year you won't want to miss.
... Just when you thought it was safe to raid the fridge!
For God's sake, stay in your rooms and lock the doors!
Watch your locker, watch your back, watch your soul.
Whether they win or lose, they'll be "Going in Style"
The nicest movie you'll ever see about murder and blackmail.
For the price of a movie, you'll feel like a million!
A Cinderella story with big hair.
When it's after midnight in New York City, you don't have to look for love, laughter and trouble. They'll all find you!
Elvis is at the wheel but Ann-Margret drives him wild!
When you follow your dream, there's no telling what you'll become.
The bride is back for the final cut.
There is no justice, there is only revenge.
Everyone has a past. Everyone has a secret.
For some, 13 feels like it was just yesterday. For Jenna, it was.
Creasy's art is death, and he is about to paint his masterpiece.
Get ready for Clifford's Biggest, Reddest, Most Amazing Movie!
Success didn‰Ûªt go to his head, it went to his neighbor.
When a miracle becomes a nightmare, evil is born.
Love always has the last word.
Welcome to girl world.
The One Name They All Fear.
Cupid just turned eight
When it comes to getting dumped... He wrote the book.
For passion. For honor. For destiny. For victory. For love.
Inside here nobody is guilty. Do you believe that?
After the party's over, real life kicks into gear.
Extraordinary. Groundbreaking. Controversial.
Survival is a Killer.
On her lonesome lips a smile.
This wasn't their war but it was their story...and they wouldn't let it go!
Enemies because they were taught to be. Survivors because they had to be.
Their deadly mission: to crack the forbidden island of Han!
The best place to lose someone or to get lose from your own self
Landmark film follows the Rolling Stones on their notorious 1969 U.S. tour, culminating in tragedy at San Francisco's Altamont Speedway.
A true adventure more erotic than any fantasy
The untold story of students in the 60s
Stripped, weaponless, alone and only ten desperate seconds ahead of the killers!
He could be the boy next door...
The Strangest True Experiance A Young Girl Ever Had
Desire is the deadliest weapon of all.
A humorous travelogue of the French Riviera.
He met the girl of his dreams. If only he can meet her again.
It will have you sitting on the brink of eternity!
A drawing that became a dream. A dream that became reality.
Coincidence doesn't exist, everything happens for a reason.
Bizarre, unearthly, terrifying‰ÛÓ a nation's legend, an author's imagination, a director's creation manifest in the superlative‰ÛÓ Kwaidan
Love-starved moon maidens on the prowl!
You Only Live Twice...and Twice is the only way to live!
James Bond‰Ûªs all time high.
There was nothing lily-white about her -- the clutch-and-kill girl they called: The Blue Gardenia
It appears to be a matter of life and death.
Sean Connery is James Bond 007
We only see Bergman, we only hear Mozart
The Gayest Comedy Hit of the Screen! Five Gorgeous Beauties on a Mad-Cap Manhunt! With the Stars of
His loves...his world---both past and present---and the crisis they caused!
No Man Takes What's Mine !
A sensational novel throbs to life! The cast is one of Warner Bros. best - the picture is one of Warner Bros. biggest!
The picture of the year!
All the pent-up yearning of her life was finally fulfilled ... amid the splendor of the world's most fabulous city!
There is no solitude greater than that of the Samurai
The story of a younger man and a bolder woman.
The best loved musical of our time!
You can't believe everything you see.
The man of "True Grit" is back and look who's got him!
Everyone has a wild side. Even a legend.
An emotional earthquake!
He Survived Swimming to Cambodia. Now the Adventure Continues.
If there is one day to decide something in life, this day is today.
Just because you‰Ûªre accepted doesn‰Ûªt mean you belong.
A straight-A teen explores Seattle's rock scene.
Steve and Walter used to have a preference for blondes. Then Steve was murdered... and came back as one. Will being a woman make him a better man?
A comedy about falling in love... the write way
Demented. Deranged. Deceptive. De Palma.
Swing it!
As a student in America, he searched for ancient wisdom. As a teacher in China, he learned to find it within himself.
Some houses are born bad.
Sometimes, a chance meeting can be a chance to change your life....
He'll hang, burn, and mutilate you. He's the witchfinder general!
Witness a battle no one has ever seen
It puts you in the best of spirits!
Some countries have a medal for Everything.
Sometimes it‰Ûªs too late to tell the truth.
Dynamic Tremendous Shattering
Mikey‰Ûªs back and about to face his greatest challenge‰Û_ his new sister.
The Whole World's in Tune . . . with Bing and Bergman together at their most brilliant best !
Sometimes when you reach for a dream you have to leave something behind.
They don't negotiate with terrorists... they blow them away!
Together again - and it's no fib, their funniest hit since "Adam's Rib"
The maddest comics of them all!
Peter Cook and Dudley Moore in their first starring comedy!
The exciting story of a woman who kills the thing she loves!
Relive the songs. Relive the romance. Relive the music. Relive the drama. Relive the magic.
What could be better than The Three Musketeers?
Chuck Norris is John T. Booker and Booker is fighting back.
he is the desert warrior, carving the future with his sword.
His Battle To Save The Alaskan Wilderness And Protect Its People Can Only Be Won...
Too controversial to release
There's something funny going on in Washington. Goldie's about to become a diplomat.
Their Love was a Flame that Destroyed
Lawrence Woolsey presents the end of civilization as we know it. Make that... Proudly Presents!
A romantic comedy with twists and turns.
If you can't find the perfect guy, make one!
Beware of the dog who thinks.
The adventure begins in your own back yard.
Greatest Odyssey Of The Ages - for the first time on the screen
The Eternal Triangle At Its Most Eternal
The Blood Runs In Rivers... And The Drill Keeps Tearing Through Flesh And Bone.
The Possibilities Were Endless...
Love made them crazy. Guns made them outlaws.
The Legend of the Village Warriors
Sail the high seas. Battle the pirates. Live the adventure.
Life. Lust. Love. Zorba.
An Irresistible Force That Draws a Man and Woman Together!
A Comic Adventure In Windy Living
One Shot. One Kill. No Exceptions.
La historia mÌÁs escandalosa de Lima
Plug in to your worst nightmare
Rejected by the Marines, the Navy, and the Army paratroopers due to his small size and youthful appearance, when he was finally accepted by the army Murphy became the most decorated soldier in U.S. history!!!
Travel with the PEANUTS gang on their first overseas adventure
Trust him... he's a cop.
As American as apple pie
These are the armies of the night........
One mistake. One mistake out of so many. So many others.
No Static At All!
A Completely Cool, Multi-Purpose Movie.
A guy, a girl, a stripper, 23 beers, 37 cigarettes, and 1 last chance to win her back...it's a helluva way to start the day.
Into a world of eternal life, he brought the gift of death.
Learn to gain weight by LOSING scruples!
From Tobruk to Alexandria... they had to make it... even if one of'em was a traitor!
Flaming love found in the savage heart of the jungle!
What would you do if you discover that your husband is cheating?
Never forget who you are
Paul Newman, a wonderful new star!
Their Merriest Hit! Mr. and Mrs. Thin Man Have a B-A-B-Y!
Together again in M-G-M's riotous comedy.
FUNNIER THAN EVER in their first new laugh-thriller in 2 years!
Continuing the fun in their NEW hit!
WILLIAM POWELL and MYRNA LOY and me too. We're all together again in a NEW MGM mystery comedy!
3 days of peace, music...and love.
Who will be alive when the hands stop?
Hearty laughers welcome! Come on over and HOWL!
Thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one mighty show!...The picture that sweeps the screen like a cyclone!
Born to rule an empire. Destined to tear it apart. The saga of Dune is far from over...
Discover the greatest treasure in the universe.
The Worms have turned.
The Food Chain Just Grew Another Link.
A hair-raising comedy aventure
Gavin is 31... and a virgin. One wild night and three woman later, he's finally... Getting It Right.
A story of blood, money, guns, coffee, and sexual tension.
Stranger things are happening than you ever dreamed of!
Only The Lord Of The Dead Could Unleash Them!
See this strange, strange story of a woman whose lure set brother against brother; whose love caused hate - and whose beauty bowed to the will of an evil spell in whose power we must refuse to believe - EVEN IF IT'S TRUE!
Where Else Would You Go To Bury Rock N' Roll?
An erotic nightmare of tormented lusts that throb in headless, undead bodies!
The more she drinks, the prettier she gets
Come and huddle with the cheerleaders.
Nothing Succeeds Like "Succeed" ! !
Best of enemies. Deadliest of friends.
I don't run. I don't hide. I go where I want. I do what I want.
Do you dare imagine what it would be like to be...The last man on earth...Or the last woman.
If you've got to fight - fight dirty!
The incredible Sonny Chiba is back! And he's meaner than ever!
Rod Steiger and James Coburn will blow you apart in
It's got guts!
Showdown in the High Sierra
Steve McQueen going down his own road, tougher than ever, as "Junior Bonner"
The Most Frightening Frankenstein Movie Ever!
A warlock's home is his castle...Forever!
The most deliriously romantic horror picture ever made!
Watch out Brigitte...here comes Gidget!
If you're thirty, you're through!
It isn't very pretty‰Û_
Absolutely the most incredible ending of any motion picture
Major Charles Rane has come home to war!
From Akira Kurosawa, director of "Yojimbo" and "Sanjuro" comes a tense, taut film of a modern "perfect crime" with more excitement than even Hitchcock could create.
In every neighborhood there is one house that adults whisper about and children cross the street to avoid.
A comedy about the American dream.
A story with a twist -- and she's in it.
You wanted more when it was all over!
BERGMAN at his most POWERFUL! SHOCKING! BOLD!
A Sexy Frolic About the Sport of Love
A Picture for Wide Screens and Broad Minds
TENSE! TAUT! TERRIFIC! Told the untamed Hemingway way!
One man... three women... one night
In the loosest sense he is her husband. . .and in the loosest way she is his wife!
One cannot live without love.
An American Masterpiece!
A man never forgets. A man pays his debts.
Come meet the dead of night.
A new look at the face of evil.
Lock the doors, rollup the windows, and buckle up‰Û_ for the ride of your life!
He sought the ultimate in HUMAN AGONY... with instruments of TORTURE ghastly beyond belief!
You gotta' believe... You gotta' have faith... But first, you gotta' get rid of the witnesses!
Listen to the sound of love. Feel purple. Taste green. Touch the scream that crawls up the wall!
Who are you?
Out of the sky comes the screen's most incredible spectacle of men and war!
Loyalty. Honor. Betrayal.
Our sorrow was conceived long before our birth
Humans are such easy prey.
The ultimate killing machine. Part Man. Part Metal.
... pleasant dreams.
Earth's Only Hope
THE Science Fiction Chiller!
Will your school be NEXT?
A Cross Country Road Wreck!
Will YOU join his human museum?
Within the Coffin I Lie...ALIVE!
The most terrifying film of your time!
Sensational Secrets of Infamous Mad-house EXPOSED!
This was the day the universe trembled before the demon forces of the killer planet!
Bright Lights. Hit Songs. Country's biggest star. He'd trade it all to find the kind of love he'd only sung about.
NOW BIGGER THAN EVER IN THE BEAUTY OF COLOR!
Would this glamorous girl choose love...or a star-spangled Career?
An exhilarating epic of a triumph of the heart.
Five handsome bachelors. One lucky woman.
Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter... and Spring
It's an Alphabeautiful Mathemagical New Musical Movie!
A movie about those who appreciate the finest things in life... for free!
Bad Men... Bad Ladies... Bad Horses... OUt trouble-shooting sheriff always put his finger on it (or in it). No wonder they call him the FASTEST FINGER IN THE WEST
Three bozos. One ballet company. Tutu many laughs!
You don't make up for your sins in church. You do it in the streets...
Six sticks of dynamite that blasted his way to freedom... and awoke America's conscience!
War at its worst. Men at their best.
What actually happened that night In the Woods?
Harper takes a case - and the payoff is murder.
He used love like most men use money.
The mind is a place of its own.
It would take a miracle to save their love... and that's just what they got.
They're going to kill you...with no hard feelings!
It's High Noon in Hell
Norris and the force are back
Where second best never gets a second chance.
There's no telling where luck will take you
On the border of adventure. At the edge of danger.
Sometimes the only way to find where you're going is to lose your way
An Artistic Masterpiece And Also A Joy To Watch
The Medical Jungle Doctors Don't Talk About!
From housewife to porn star
Nobody owns Tommy Riley. Nobody.
A fantastic journey to the future begins
The Screen's 300,000 Volt SHOCKER!
Horror Of The Winged Menace !
Massive Blood Sucking Monsters!
Pretty Sally Mae died a very unnatural death! ... But the worst hasn't happened to her yet!
The cities that mocked the very name of God...The vengeance that tore the Earth asunder!
She lived too intensely and far too well!
A love story that begins with an incredible experiment!
SIGHTS NEVER BEFORE SEEN - Adventure never before experienced!
He had a lust for life. Sometimes he was brutal, sometimes delicate---always he lived with insatiable passion!
The world's most talked about movie today!
How far do they go before they've gone too far?
A million dollars worth of adventure!
Take the stairs, take the stairs. For God's sake, take the Stairs!!!
Five ordinary people needed a miracle. Then one night, Faye Riley left the window open.
Sometimes students end up being the best teachers.
The lovin'est musical in many a moon!
A film of unparalleled beauty by the great Japanese Master Kenji Mizoguchi
LibertÌ©... InsanitÌ©... HilaritÌ©!
Why did Emily call Charlie the most immoral man she'd ever met?
He was King. She was barely 18.  And in their thousand days they played out the most passionate and shocking love story in history!
She's nineteen. She makes her husband keep away -- she won't let the stranger go.
A new adventure in filmmaking...
This Is Not A Sequel. There Has Never Been Anything Like It!
From the measureless depths of a woman's emotions...
An adventure beyond the limits of civilization, faith and passion.
Women of FLESH become WAX in his hands... women of wax become flesh!
Nameless, faceless... relentlessly moving towards the date with death that would rock the world.
Hunger no love . . . woman . . . or wealth could satisfy!
HE DIED a man with a hunger to love... and returned a monster with an instinct to kill.
Most wars last years. This one has to be over by dinner
Niles and Holland are as close as twin brothers can be. Appearances can be deceiving... and deadly.
There IS a fate worse than death.
Red-Blooded DRAMA !
It's one, long, loud l-a-u-g-h!
Suspense as startling as a strangled scream!
From Workers ‰ÛÓ To Warriors
Funny in a new and frightening way!
We've got nothing to hide
The criminal mastermind of the century just met his match...
Wow - It's the Wildest!
A rebellious young man. With his own version of the future. And his own fantasy of love.
The First Great Picture Of The Second World War !
The greatest stuntman alive!
1 woman became 2, 2 women became 3, 3 women became 1
A Homerun Of Laughter, Romance And Fun
A tidal wave of slithering, slimy horror devouring, destroying all in its path!
Before He Created the Magic. He Lived Every Bit of It.
The Government gave her a choice. Death. Or life as an assassin. Now, there's no turning back
Getting killed isn't as easy as it looks.
A film where women eat men and men eat ham
Brute Force With a Badge
The Whodunnit Break! A first in motion pictures! Just before the gripping climax of the film, you will be given sixty seconds to guess the killer's identity! The film will pause and on the screen you will see clues to help you decide who the murderer is...We Dare You To Guess!
They saw the heads of hunted men in Zaroff's trophy room!
The story of one woman's confinement in a WW II Japanese prison camp
A murderously funny story, magnificently cast....marvelously made !
NOTHING COULD BE FUNNIER!
It's about three decent people. They will break your heart.
All they wanted was their chance to be men...and he gave it to them.
They want to live their own lives...  Can you blame them?
Is she a kid - or is she kidding?
As big as the ocean!
The cry was MUTINY... and the decks ran red!...
No one has ever escaped from Alcatraz...and no one ever will!
A Screen Event To Be Remembered For All Time !
Once upon another time...
Where will you be?
Her uptown life gets turned inside out!
Announcing the arrival of the first airline with soul.
A Father - A Son - A Revolution
It can take a lifetime to feel alive.
Something wicked this way comes.
For seven elite profilers, finding a serial killer is a process of elimination. Their own.
His sword made him a hero... his courage made him a legend.
All the power in the universe can't change destiny
Get ready for frisky business.
The wives of Stepford have a secret.
He's out to prove he's got nothing to prove.
He was a man who couldn't care less... until he met a man who couldn't care more.
An Uplifting Story About Finding New Meaning In Life.
What happens backstage is always true drama. And often pure comedy.
He's America's Most Wanted...Dad!
She's a Yankee Doodle Girlie !
Her life hasn't been the same since her death.
The problem every man dreams of... a choice.
The new story of Judge Hardy's family!
A riotous new twist in the art of gentle persuasion!
Just when we thought the Cold War was over, leave it to these guys to heat it up again.
The stars, the warmth, the pleasure of Born Free.
A day will come that is like no other... and nothing that happens after will ever be the same.
The Movie, The Musical, The McCartney Magic.
Any number can play. Any number can die.
Happiness is a girl called Julie!
WHAT EMBARRASSMENT WHEN WE DISCOVER... "We're Not Married!"
Some people march to the beat of a different drummer. Lynda‰Ûªs got her own brass band.
The Struggle of Super-Minds in the Crime of the Century!
Some things never change.
Its towering wonders span the age of titans!
A cold-blooded thriller!
El pueblo los adoraba. Ellos se odiaban. Esta es su historia
The town they talk of in whispers.
A Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer All Talking Picture!
A new species of comedy
Nine Animators. One Vision.
The ultimate spectacle is now a movie.
A Great Human Story... Makes A Mighty Motion Picture!!!
The thrill of thrills the world could not forget!
SHOCKING!
The only thing they have in common... is each other.
Love is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
For the survivors of the Holocaust, liberation was only the beginning.
When you're a big man in the big city, can you get away with murder ?
A Great Picture! You'll Thrill to Every Moment!
A truly great motion picture (one-sheet)
Behind the lighted tower windows the conflict of love and power is reckless and daring!
There was temptation in her helpless silence...and then torment
The first ever reality-based movie ... everything begins and ends in 30 days!
I've heard all about you, Johnny Eager . . . but I still want you to kiss me!
"Black as the Ace I am!"
Supreme in Theme! Gigantic in Execution!
Half Men - Half Demons . . . Warriors Such As The World Has Never Known . . . They Lived With Death and Danger For The Women Who Hungered For Their Love !
Why did women talk about Dorian Gray in whispers?
An innocent girl is first prize in the dirtiest game ever played!
The Immortal Story
Just ten baby fingers and ten baby toes--Troubles? Scandal?--Gosh--Nobody Knows
The Uproarious Movie From The Big Best-Seller!
Pick up the pieces folks, Jimmy's in action again!
The Holiday Picture of All Time! Charles Dickens' Joyous Classic!
Brave young men who rode on the wings of victory.
He'd take on anyone, at anything, anytime.
In 1917, in the red-light district of New Orleans, they called her "Pretty Baby"
Put the Monster to the Metal!
The terror starts the moment he stops.
It's NEW!
At Last on the Screen ! Biggest Spectacle since QUO VADIS!
Discover something incredible...
The Past Can Never Be Rewound
The love story of a siren, a giant, and a dwarf!
"The Tramp" arrives in New York
Neither Heaven nor Earth could keep them apart!
There's a thin line between catching a criminal... and becoming one.
Put yourself in her place! The dreaded night when her lover became a madman!
It's the lafftime of a lifetime ! . . as "Wild Bill" Fields tries to tame the West!
The 2-Year Best-Seller Sensation! The Year's Greatest Cast!
A HAPPY HONEYMOON GOES TO THE DOGS!...When a Great Dane disguised as a Dachsie crashes the party!
Let your imagination soar.
Grab Life By The Ball
Life is waiting.
They're going deep undercover.
Behind every great love is a great story.
Two infant tiger cubs, separated from their parents and each other.
SEE! Battle of Bataan! March of Death! Guerilla Raids! Fierce bolo fighters in action!
When Life Was Glittering, Glamorous... And Dangerous...
America's Joy-Friends are back again in the grandest entertainment gallop of 1937! More howls, more girls, more song hits than "A Night At The Opera"! Oh boy!
From Guadalcanal to Okinawa...the Marine air-devils blazed a trail of glory...while the women they left behind fought battles of their own!
He's going... going... gone!
Love. Marriage. Murder. Sometimes they're all... Plain Dirty
Consider the Possibilities
America's Little Sweetheart . . . The Dimpled Darling You Love in the Greatest of Civil War Dramas !
How much will one man sacrifice for his dream of true love?
The true story of how Bill Gates and Steve Jobs changed the world.
A Primer In Intellectual Self-Defense
Every second a heart-beat
Hers was the deadliest of the seven sins.
The gal who became a national pastime!
One unlikely man made America listen
How do you escape... what you can't resist?
They held back the Russian Juggernaut in a frozen Hell!
Will you survive?
He really wasn't out to make $1,000,000. He already had that!
In the Ghettos of Harlem you don't buy respect... you earn it.
Meet Mordecai Jones; Master of Back-Stabbing, Cork-Screwing and Double-Dealing!
Just when you thought it was safe to go back to the movies...
An Extreme Team of Cons is Our For The Most Dangerous Heist of Them All
This is my Story
He can escape from anything... except his past.
The saga of America's dirty faced kids... And the breaks that life won't give them!
No speed limits the next 90 min.
Meet the ultimate dysfunctional family.
A Comedy with a Heart of Gold
They say that behind every great man there's a woman. But in this case it's ridiculous.
A Gal with Cultivating Ways!
A Thrilling Saga Of Courage And Loyalty !
FROM THE GREAT STAGE PLAY!
Bright romantic comedy... gay with song... to welcome the Spring.
She must hold many men in her arms to find the one man she could LOVE!
Gun-Queen of the Arizona Frontier! And her kind of men!
The degeneration of high society!
Controversy... what controversy?
Acclaimed as "THE FEAR OF THE YEAR"
A screwball tragedy
A country on the brink of war...a family torn apart...and one man in the middle
New Orleans, 1933. In those days words didn't say much.
A Romantic Comedy of Generous Proportions
He didn't find his dreams... his dreams found him.
A tank a day keeps the law away.
A stone-age world of horrors ... ONLY ONE SURVIVED.
There's a hero in all of us.
What if you had a second chance with the one that got away?
Rule Your Fate.
They bring you the news so you don't have to get it yourself.
The rules are set. The game is on.
Once upon a time... can happen any time.
Laws are made to be broken.
Based on 10,000 true stories.
Les aventures du capitaine Wyatt
A romantic comedy about war, filmmaking and impossible love.
Trapped underwater... with time running out.
PRIDE...POWER...PASSION...PAIN!
Peter O'Toole, Sophia Loren and James Coco dream 'The Impossible Dream' in...
The Higher the Stakes, The Greater the Terror.
"Posse" begins like most Westerns. It ends like none of them. It will knock you off your horse.
The Golden Age of Adventure Comes Alive as the Vikings Storm the Screen
For $40 a month and a shiny Tin Star...the young sheriff faced the mob alone...except for the angry ex-sheriff who couldn't watch him die and a hero-worshipping boy who lived only for the day he'd wear a TIn Star of his own!
One woman... two men... one driven by desire. The other driven to the edge.
Academy Award Nominee
It's here! The mightiest adventure ever filmed!
Greatest of all spectacles!
The rise and fall of Brit Pop.
They should have left him alone.
CATch her in IMAX
Family can be whatever you want it to be.
If you've got an appetite for life:
The true story of Col. Dean Hess, clergyman turned fighter pilot!
90 minutes you'll never forget.
The most amazing saga in the fighting annals of the US Navy!
A Legendary Warrior Battles Against The Forces Of Evil.
Mightiest thrill-shocked adventure spectacle of the super-sonic age !
A Brand New Seven -- Doing Their Number! They put their lives on the line and let it ride!
A Masterpiece of Erotic Horror!
Sean Connery is Shalako! Shalako means action! Action means Bardot!
Billy Pilgrim lives - from time to time.
Leathernecks... writing another glorious chapter of purposeful courage in America's history!
The New "What Price Glory"
Hayworth's glowing beauty! Astaire's glorious rhythm! Kern's greatest score since "Show Boat"!
Rollicking Romantics!
A free spirit can awaken even the loneliest heart.
A story of passionate obsession.
She wrote the show. He made the deal. Who paid the price?
Explosive ! . . . And As Big As The Broad Pacific !
Helen Hyde wants the Doctor's body... She just doesn't want him in it at the same time.
If you think you know your lover. Think again. Especially if she's your wife.
Everyone has a biological clock. Duffy Bergman's is about to go off.
The story you only think you knew.
Coach learns to pray after losing his son
A horror story so intense, so barbaric, so frightening it will have you running for your local army recruiter.
Born in the magic of youth. Forged by the passions of war. Their love knew no boundaries.
Looks like the Blandings will have no heating problem!
The funniest, fastest honeymoon ever screened!
Come see Pippi as you've never seen her before!
A brutal slaying. An elusive killer. The chase is on.
Married and in Love . . . with a Man She Didn't Know or Want!
Crashing Fists in the Gold-Crazed Alaska of '98!
The best way to punish a slumlord is to make him a tenant.
Smuggler. Prince. Murderer. Father. Sinner. Saint.
It took a twist of fate to make them two of a kind.
The tragic story of a platoon of Spanish soldiers, in the hell of the Kosovo war in 2000
Every father's daughter is a virgin.
Does your mother still think Folk-Rock is a landmark in New England? Your daughter's boyfriend have longer hair than she has? Is your football helmet crushing the flowers in your hair?
It happenend in Hollywood. But it could have happened in hell.
A terrifying journey through the nightmare worlds of evil, insanity and terrible revenge.
Wild, wicked, wonderful Paris...all her loves, ladies and lusty legends!
Art is the food for madness.
Behind these "nice" school walls... A TEACHERS' NIGHTMARE!...A TEEN-AGE JUNGLE!
A harrowing drama from the director of Easy Rider
Adults play the most dangerous games.
The long arm of the law has reached an all time low!
Fast food executive Jim Ferguson stepped out of his 47th floor office to go to the bathroom... and ended up in the middle of World War I. History will be grateful forever.
Bob tames that "Wildcat" Gal!
You are the first man I ever loved... and the world has only just begun...
They're in Love Three Times and Three Ways...In One Movie!
THRILL CRAZY... KILL CRAZY...
I want a man...not a human punching bag!
In the surprising world of Jean Brodie, there were two men and four girls.
The FBI couldn't do it... the CIA couldn't do it... so they sent for... Hill's Angels.
Walter Matthau in the role only he could make so excitingly different...
The true story of a dog
I Am Thomasina ‰ÛÓ A Most Unusual Cat ... They Say I'm Enchanted, and I Am!
A pair of jokers make double trouble in a hullaba-lulu of a caper
The Family That Plays Together, Stays Together
Lover without a heart...killer without a conscience!
Duryea! ...that fascinating tough-guy of "Scarlet Street"!
The Strangest and Most Savage Manhunt in History!
When you Double-Cross a Double-Crosser...IT'S A CRISS-CROSS!
Remember the little kid you used to pick on? Well, he's a big boy now.
One Way Ticket to DEATH..!
BRACE YOURSELF FOR GREATNESS THE BOOK THE WORLD COULD NOT LAY DOWN IS NOW A MOTION PICTURE
Temptress of Pleasure - or Mistress of Murder?
A rock'n'road movie about a girl who learns to drive.
Queen . . . of a Crime Cult !
Zeppelins. Bombs. Bordellos. Burials. You name It. We have It.
This summer everything is under control.
There is no turning back
...A Story Which the French Have Put On the Screen With Daring Skill!
Excitement is GO! Adventure is GO! Danger is GO!
A one-eyed major and his oddball heroes fight a twentieth-century war in a tenth-century castle!
Driven by Evil
Something for Everyone!
It started like any other night.
Have you ever been tempted to look inside his...
How do you solve a crime when the last thing you want to know is the truth?
A comedy about getting in over your head.
Slashing story of a desert warrior who fought his way from HELL to GLORY!
Just when you wanted to laugh, here they come.
France's master of stylish and witty suspense presents his delightfully dark and hauntingly humorous game of cat and mouse
Fast Food. High Times.
It can take a lifetime to find true love; she's got 30 days!
For anyone who ever dreamed of taking off.
Whoever wins... We lose
Everything else was just practice!
Each day is a new day... Each time, the first time...
Why do we want what we can't have?
The call of the wild, the thrill of adventure. The mistake of a lifetime.
Go back to where the horror began.
Smooth, fast and in high gear!
Elvis crosses the country...into trouble! trouble! trouble!
Swinging higher than the space needle with the gals and the songs at the famous Worlds Fair!
ELVIS with songs and adventures in mad mod Europe!
...singing! ...chasing! ...racing ...romancing! ...swinging!
1001 Swingin' Nights!
Chaos in the Cosmos!
The con is on... place your bets!
Some girls would kill to be Cheerleaders.
What Bette Davis does to Bette Davis and to Karl Malden and Peter Lawford in DEAD RINGER is just what
Rules are made to be housebroken
Who's next?
On September 1st, a heroine will rise.
This summer, get your grill on!
One good shot deserves another.
Passion never dies.
A picture for anyone who has ever dreamed of a second chance!
Mean Streets was just around the corner.
Past Passion. Past Terror. Past Murder.
Money can't buy everything. Yeah, right.
When murder is no accident, revenge is no crime.
Music is the power. Love is the message. Truth is the answer.
We are the hollow men in this last of meeting places we grope together and avoid speech. Gathered on this beach of the torrid river.
See It -  Hear It - Feel It - Live It
The wonderful story of a boy and his amazing underwater friend!
This beauty pageant's about to get ugly.
Lord Jim blasts the screen with breathless adventure!
The story of three people and the era that shaped them.
Angela is having a party, Jason and Freddy are too scared to come. But You'll have a hell of a time.
It's more than just a game.
It's love on wheels!
POWERFUL SHOCKER ABOUT LOVE!
A Funky Fantasy That'll Rock Your World!
Meet the new generation of superheroes.
If the signal dies so does she
You're all going to die.
Ever get the feeling you're being played?
Big league. Big mouth. Big time.
Who will save us?
She's the golden girl. He's the longshot. It's a match made in...
In a city of glamour at a time of decadence they met. An aristocrat, a soldier of conscience, and an entertainer. Together they shared a deep passion.
The girl who always stood out is finally getting the chance to fit in.
You'll Never Forget The Ones You Love
Threatening the very limits of common decency.
Before he changed the world the world changed him.
A romantic comedy. With zombies.
That girl in their house spelled trouble!
More than a story of love... a story of life!
The greatest cast of suspicious characters ever involved in murder.
They told 16 year old Rocky Dennis he could never be like everyone else. So he was determined to be better.
An American Cavalcade!
Lost. 2,000 miles at sea in a 40 year old bomber.
Mugged, bugged, chased and seduced. Why is every one after Tom Hanks?
She's living in the gateway to hell.
Terror is ready to strike!
Deception. Betrayal. Seduction. Murder. Her life depends on every word.
It is a birthright of living death...
Nerve-shattering terror!
What you can't hear could kill you.
It's Time To Build A Bigger Basket!
This time he's not alone.
Terror just beneath the surface.
Lies are like wishes: tell enough of them... some of them come true.
Shuddery things from beyond the stars, here to breed with human women!
Every thrill-swept page blazes to life on the screen!
Oh my God, that's my daughter.
His white bread world just turned upside brown!
A wrecked jeep.... A skeleton.... A rifle... $800,000 dollars in cash
Out of the worst nightmare!
Who is The Terror?
He's Baaack!
Centuries before the exploration of space, there was another voyage into the unknown.
Can a movie go too far?
The story of what happens when one little fish tells a great white lie...
Their greatest challenge lies in rescuing one of their own
An existential comedy
Don't Hold Back ...Don't Give Up.
Take a Ride on the Wild Side.
The skeletons in the family closet just came out to play.
What happens if it actually works?
She was the first of her kind. He was the last of his.
Step out of the ordinary
Putting The 'F' back in 'Freedom'
What would you do for a second chance?
How far should a woman go...to redeem the man she loves?
The boldest story of love you have ever been permitted to see!  Seething with realism and frankness!
As timely today as the day it was written.
Some girls will do anything to meet their idols.
The challenge of a lifetime...
The annual Trans-American outlaw road race - A cross country demolition derby without rules!
Who says Vampires are no laughing matter?
The all-new motion picture about the most beloved story of our time!
There's only one thing wrong with the Davis baby....
It's animation... with an attitude.
How far would you go to make a wish come true?
Hope comes alive on Friday nights.
In the end, he sees everything.
Passion. Obsession. Revenge. Prepare for the performance of a lifetime.
Ordinary girl. Extraordinary soul.
It never forgives. It never forgets.
Meet a man who never met a woman he didn't love.
In search of wine. In search of women. In search of themselves.
A little guilt goes a long way...
Wife. Mother. Criminal.
Warning: Some Celebrities May Be Impersonated
A one night history of the blues
Unexpected. Unpredictable. Uncontrollable. A deadly obsession takes hold.
Live or die. Make your choice.
The extraordinary life story of Ray Charles.
Be careful what you wish for.
No gut, no glory
This is a public service announcement Sponsored by Just Blaze and the good folks at Roc-A-Fella Records; Allow me to re-introduce myself My name is Hov', OH, H-to-the-O-V
This holiday season... believe.
Let's talk about sex
Fear The Second Coming
Who will walk away?
Same Bridget. Brand new diary.
Where will your imagination take you?
A Love Legend
The greatest adventure history has ever revealed.
Bigger. Better. More absorbent.
There once was a wolf named Lupold...
AMERICA'S MOST GLORIOUS ADVENTURE!
The greatest legend of all was real.
No! Ho! Ho!
If you believe in love at first sight, you never stop looking.
Believe in the power to change your destiny
Twelve is the new eleven.
The final hunt begins.
It's a Series of Silly Sequences and One of Jerry's All-Time Great Comedy Performances!
It's a picture in a million! Starring that girl in a million, the red-headed darling of the Broadway show, Gwen Verdon!
JERRY LEWIS makes that blackboard jungle jump for joy. He's funnier than ever...
NOTE: This picture was made entirely without the co-operation of any medical association!
Fractures Hollywood with a Million Howls!
Jerry is seven times nuttier in seven gems of character portrayal!
"He's wacky!" - "He's Shweet!" - "He's the most!" - "He's the end!" - "He's dopey!" - "He's fast!" - "He's silly!" -"He's the nuts!"
Boy in a flack jacket meets girl in a straight jacket.
More than a movie. It's a celebration.
You'll crack your timbers when you see how the Navy sticks the Army sad sacks with the crumbiest ship afloat!
The colossus who conquered the world!
See how it will happen - in your lifetime!
He can fly a jet, race a car and outsmart a computer. The government created him and now they want him destroyed.
Alien abduction. November 5, 1975. White Mountains, Northeastern Arizona. Based on the true story.
Two loves in conflict!
Both Living a Secret...each afraid to tell!
Don‰Ûªt waste time, or it will waste you.
The screen's most romantic team!
So dangerous...destructive...deadly to love!
A Political Myth
The four most important words since Gone With the Wind-- SINCE YOU WENT AWAY!
Earn a higher degree in terror!
Boys do what boys must!
Different channels. Different truths.
The truth behind the lies of Fahrenheit 9/11
The world's greatest actor in a tremendous story of man at his best and worst!
The 1920 Horror Masterpiece
Love is Stronger Than Death
A photoplay of tempestuous love between a madcap English beauty and a bronzed Arab chief!
Every inch of footage holds such a laugh!
The greatest horror film of modern cinema!
The Laugh Special of the Age. See It.
She gave youth and beaty for Applause
Luis BuÌ±uel and Salvador DalÌ_ present seventeen minutes of bizarre, surreal imagery.
The Power-Mad Monarch of the Murder Mobs!
A surrealist masterpiece.
Out-Thrills them all!
The rise and fall of a power hungry mobster.
From the Depths of the Earth, He Will Rise.
The Biggest Show On Earth!
TERROR! Stalked the Brush-Choked Island...Where Men Who Were Animals Sought the Girl Who Was All-Human!
Takes its place among the greatest pictures ever made!
Mae West gives a 'Hot Time' to the nation!
SEE! The cannibals! The earthquake! The sea serpent! The fighting monsters of ages past!
These are the TALONS of The Vampire Bat
Girls living like boys! Boys living like savages!
When poets love, Heaven and Earth fall back to watch!
Things you never said before nor even dreamed of!
Claudette Colbert at her finest in Imitation of Life
Pounding Hoofs and Blazing Guns!
Blistering sun... blazing bullets!
Match courage with courage... meet cunning with cunning!
Beware the Stalking Being - Half-Human - Half-Beast!
TWO LOVERS...VICTIMS OF MOB VIOLENCE!
At the Top of their game.
Rocking America with laughter!
AGAIN THEY TRIUMPH!...The stars of 'Human Bondage' in a picture greater than the play!
WEIRDEST LOVE STORY IN 2000 YEARS!
HEAR Glorious New Music and Songs by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II:
Were they the innocent victims of a whispering campaign?
You who are so young--where can you have learned all you know about women like me?
AS GREAT AS "MUTINY ON THE BOUNTY"
THE GREATEST GANGSTER THRILLER THAT EVER EXPLODED FROM THE SCREEN!
A riot of laughs !
SEE THE BIG FIGHT!
The most thrilling swordfight ever filmed...
GREAT STARS! GREAT STORY! GREAT PICTURE!
90 ROARING MINUTES OF LAUGHS!
They roared through the dawn... with death on their wings!
Every day's a holiday... when you're in love.
The land of the free gone wild! The heyday of the hotcha! The shock-crammed days G-men took ten whole years to lick!
SINISTER SHADOWS & BURNING LOVE
Now on the screen!
Where Men Are Rough And Tough . . . And Like Their Women The Same Way !
We'd like youse to meet Brother Orchid!
Spencer Tracy's greatest performance!
Fascinating Tantalizing and DANGEROUS!
Dashing...romantic...Errol Flynn at his thrilling best!
"I LOVE HIM because he doesn't know how to kiss -- THE JERK!"
A picture different from anything ever screened before!
THE FLEET'S ALL IN...Since Those Riotous "Buck Privates" Abbott and Costello Joined Up!
The Most Romantic Riot Since Eve Gave Adam the Applesauce!
It's a serious problem for a lady with the hiccups, and he is it!
Boy! when BOGART boffs those Japs... or when he kisses MARY ASTOR you can feel it
Killer Bogart takes the Gestapo for a ride!
The grandest story of the Naughty "Nineties" becomes the gayest picture of the Fighting "Forties!"
There are two sides to every story -- and every woman!
HELP!  SHE'S AFTER ME!  IS THERE A BRUNETTE IN THE HOUSE?
The US government puts the finger on the United Nations.
He had found love - lost it - and now had found it again!
An Experience You'll never forget !
Warner Bros. thunderous story of the men of the merchant marine!
A GUY - A GAL - A PAL - It's Swell!
He believed in Love . . . Honor . . . and Obey - That Impulse!
There's something new under the moon!
"You're society.  I' m just one of the mob.  To you a guy like me is poison!"
LOVE STORY of an army camp
THE MOST BRILLIANT MUSICAL OF OUR TIME!
A tender tale of terror!
The Fabulous Tale OF A MAN OF MYSTERY!
Thrilling drama of the Invisible Network of Terror!
The True Story of TRUDY KOCKENLOCKER, who kissed the Boys Goodbye... REGIMENT BY REGIMENT!
She was lucky that Mr. Skeffington was such a gentleman!
The greatest love story of our time! It will live forever in your heart! MGM's greatest triumph!
It was the look in her eyes that made him think of murder.
The whole town WHISPERED about these two!
Will keep you screaming!
A Tribute to Those Who Did So Much . . . With So Little!
It walks like a spider... it stalks like a cobra!
Double dame trouble! Double-barrelled action!
Twins! One who loves... one who loves to Kill!
SEE IT NOW! See Her Greatest!
From the Vivid Pages of Charles Dickens' Masterpiece !
TWO WHO MET AND KISSED AND NEVER SHOULD HAVE MET AGAIN!
The Most Deceitful Man A Woman Ever Loved !
...Mother and daughter in love with the same man ... rivals in ruthlessness even to murder!
He was all things to all men ... but only one thing to all women!
This is it!  the most exciting motion picture ever made!
Never try to deceive two women!
John Ford's Legend of the Southwest!
From the Best-Selling Book !
The incredible life... the spectacular thrills... the fabulous times of America's best-loved hero.......
The Happiest Musical Ever Made is Irving Berlin's Easter Parade
John Ford's Masterpiece of the Frontier! The first installment of John Ford's trilogy...
I told you... you know nothing about wickedness
The soul of a city. Her glory stripped! Her passion bared!
The great MGM musical romance
Cops or no cops I'm going through!
THE COMPLETE ROMANCE...THE FULL NOVEL!
Will somebody "get her" tonite?
It was as if the YELLOW SKY had sought them out... where fate had forgotten them and life had left them behind!
Joyously Together Again!
Songs!  Technicolor!
ALL OF THEM WONDERED WHILE ONE OF THEM WANDERED!i
The Key to the Most Unusual Picture of the Year
The horse that won the heart of a nation...
a love story by Jean Cocteau
RINGO WAS HIS NAME! THE CHALLENGE OF EVERY OUTLAW GUNMAN! THE NOTORIOUS SELF-DEFENSE KILLER!
Lovers trapped in animal stampede !
MGM brings on the show with music - dancing - Technicolor
This is my Story
Livin' in my house! Lovin' another man! Is that what you call bein' honest? That's just givin' it a nice name!
A Swashbuckling Adventure In The Grand Style!
All New ! All Wild ! All Fun !
A WOMAN WRONGED...A MAN TO AVENGE HER!...and he rode south to do it!
The Most Honored Screen Import in a Decade!
The tortured heart behind the cultivated image.
In 'Born Yesterday' I got two mink coats - this time I get everything!
M-G-M's Miles Of Smiles! And In Color Too!
The applause of the world -- and then this!
You've Never Lived Until You've Loved in Rome!
Hot feelings hit terrifying heights in a story that really boils over!
The Story of the Strange Mansion on the Hill
M-G-M's Gigantic and Joyous Musical
Discovering the past can be murder...
The story of a husband who didn't have time to come home! Daddy couldn't get home, so the kids all trouped down to Broadway and got into the act. The incredible, incomparable story of America's most fabulous family!
More than your eyes have ever seen!
Most horrifying hell creature that ever menaced all mankind!
New Horrors! Mad Science Spawns Evil Fiends! ...Taking form before your horrified eyes!
Elvis in Action as Never Before!
This is the true story of the fabulous Lon Chaney!
One of the Great Advnetures of Our Time !
Terror... that screams from the grave!
Tops in Terror!
BIG BOOK! BIG CAST! BIG PICTURE!
Without His Gun He Was Naked Yellow!
The greatest submarine picture of them all!
Mightiest Of Men... Mightiest Of Spectacles... Mightiest Of Motion Pictures!
His True Shocking Story...Filmed with Bullet Force!
A sci-fi shocker that'll keep you awake at night!
First Sequel of an Anti-War Masterpiece
Two people trapped by fate. In a country with no destiny.
Her Faith Remained Strong and True in the Face of Africa's Terrors!
Guilty secrets. Shocking scandals. All in a day's work for on Philadelphian lawyer.
She drained men of their loves and lives!
Across Six Thousand Miles of Excitement...Across a Whole World of Adventure Comes the Rousing, Story of Real People Called "The Sundowners"!
The sun came up twice that day. Once in the heavens for all the world to see... once in the darkness for a man, his wife, and their children alone to share...
THE TRUE CONFESSIONS and INTIMATE SECRETS of the world's greatest authority on LOVE
ALONE... IN AN UNTAMED LAND -- WITH THREE MEN WHO FORCED THEIR WAY INTO HER LIFE!
From Ibanez' immortal classic, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer presents an unforgettable motion picture
He Fed Their Fears And Turned Neighbor Against Neighbor!
Who is the blonde in the box?
Love is the Condition for Being Human
A love-spectacular so personally exciting, you feel it's happening to you!
For maximum thrill . . . we earnestly urge you to see this motion picture from the start!
Are the men and women of Washington really like this?
The Crazed Love Of A Prehistoric Giant For A Ravishing Teen-Age Girl!
The world has never understood why the Japanese prefer death to dishonor! Winner of Prix Special du Jury at Cannes 1963 provides the answer!!
The story of that man and his 76 trombones, and the wonderful, wonderful tune he played on every heart in town!
The mightiest excitement that ever swept across the sea or the screen!
WONDERFUL THRILLS! ADVENTURE! ROMANCE!
A motion picture that spans two decades of conflict and drama as it tells the story of a young American and his rise to prince of the church.
She Keeps Monsters in Cages for Pets! He Preys on Wild Go-Go Girls!
Shocking! - Horrifying! - Macabre!
Never such a tender love story! Never such a savage showdown! Never such restless natives!
It's a Penny to a Pony... Murder Will Out!
It's time for a change, it's time for a new attitude on a new kind of love!
He ordered a martini...kissed a girl...and was plunged into a nightmare of danger.
Dedicated to the proposition that every pretty girl receives sooner or later.
An age of rampant lusts, abandon, runaway passions. An age brought bristling to life by two of the most exciting stars of our time!
Of suspense, pursuit and courage...
Does The Best Man Always Get To The White House?
The years will soon erase a lover's lies...the blood on his face!
There's more than one way to kill a man!
Shock and Shame Story of a Night Girl!
Evil is the heart when wars, tragedy, death, sweep away the civilized veneer and reveal the primitive beneath.
Like we've taken the Robin Hood legend and changed the bows and arrows to machine guns!... Like with songs yet!... Like WILD!
One U.S. astronaut pitted against all the odds beyond this earth!
The most gruesome horror ever shown!
What A Cast!... What A Past!... What A Show!...
The Revolt that Stirred the World!
That's what Christmas is all about, Charlie Brown!
DEAD for Ten Years DRACULA, Prince of Darkness, LIVES AGAIN!
Cinerama sends you roaring with laughter and adventure down that wide and wonderful fun-trail!
Unarmed and outnumbered, they stunned the world with their incredible victory.
They went up like men! They came down like animals!
Stripped of everything - they lived and loved and fought as if there were no tomorrow...
The motion picture with something to offend everyone.
Sabotage of Hitler's ingenious weapons of mass destruction...the V1 and V2 rockets!
ride with the Easy Rider into an action whirlwind.
...IT'S LAUGHTER FOR EVERYONE!
It carried their hopes, their nation's honour!
He's Here Big As Life In A Real Bat-Epic
Cinerama sweeps YOU into a drama of speed and spectacle!
Where the Nile divides, the great Cinerama adventure begins!
It's Shocking! It's Beyond Your Imagination!
All it takes to make a man of a boy is a woman.
See this film before it sees you
A Bold, Gritty, Terrifying Story Of Inner-City Terror
She was a bride when the violence happened... Now she's a widow and it's going to happen again
There are two kinds of people in his up-tight world: his victims and his women. And sometimes you can't tell them apart.
Suspenseful desert pursuit in the "High Noon" tradition.
The shocking truth about events leading up to one of the most violent days in American history!
The action is so fast... it's a wonder Tony Rome stays alive... and single!
They make something wonderful out of being alive!
Simple words that start a war: "Good morning. My name is Miss Barrett. I am your Home Room teacher..."
The War Wagon Rolls And The Screen Explodes!
He lives! They die! Christopher Lee as the fanged undead.
What is HEAD all about? Only John Brockman's shrink knows for sure!
...and from this man who could not speak or hear, the girl heard many things.
The saga of Harold...from dedicated lawyer to dedicated dropout.
People bugged by people will do extraordinary things.
The Story of Three Strangers...A Mother...A Father...And a Son
Their wedding night set new attendence records
Every Generation Has A Story To Tell.
This is the dawning of the Age of Colossus (where peace is compulsory... freedom is forbidden... and Man's greatest invention could be Man's greatest mistake).
When You've Waited Fifteen Years To Find A Man... It's A Shame You Can Only Kill Him Once!
He is a shy schoolmaster. She is a music hall star. They marry and immediately have 283 children...all boys!
You will meet yourself face-to-face when Earth meets its duplicate in outer space!
Last summer was too beautiful to forget. And too painful to remember.
The Magic Christian is: antiestablishmentarian, antibellum, antitrust, antiseptic, antibiotic, antisocial & antipasto.
Marlowe is the Best Private Eye in the Business. Just Ask the People He Does Business With
Boon is a reiver (that's a cheat, a liar, a brawler and womaniser) and he had just four days to teach young Lucius the facts of life (like cheating, lying, brawling and womanizing).
DRINK A PINT OF BLOOD A DAY
Two men with nothing in common but the hate that surrounds them.
THIS MAY BE OVER YOUR HEAD.
Sinatra plays cowboys and indians for adults!
God bless our humble upper-middle-class high-rise co-op and keep it free from smut peddlers, militants, urban guerrillas and Greenwich Village liberals.
Come see how the vampires do it
Moments of truth
Watch the landlord get his.
Look into my eyes.
See them all in a film about fantasy. And reality. Vice. And versa.
How you get there depends on where you're at.
One man...seven women...in a strange house!
Hell holds no surprises for them.
Fear is the driving force.
The most shattering experience you'll ever live.
Nightmare or sanity... which is which?
Look out! Here comes Trinity...
The Film that THE MAN doesn't want you to see!
The Definitive Cult Spaghetti Western
a new land...a new hope...a new dream
Human zombies rise from their coffins as living corpses!
Brother John just blew into town...and the town is about to blow apart!
Flesh crawls! Blood curdles! Phibes lives!
The Count is back, with an eye for London's hotpants . . . and a taste for everything
If you can't smoke it, drink it, spend it or love it...forget it.
Kopetzky & Kanipsia together at last
The laughs are bumper to bumper!
When he runs out of dumb luck he always has genius to fall back on!
What Do You Say To A Talking Bomb? All Systems Snafu!!!
If you can ride Shack's Train and Live - You'll be...
Assassination conspiracy? The possibility is frightening.
Nobody, but "Nobody," knows the trouble he's in!
They'll Love The Very Life Out Of Your Body!
Adapt or die.
Juggle the books. Set fire to the factory. Supply women for the clients. Harry Stoner will do anything to get one more season.
The road leads itself to somewhere.
They were joined at birth by the devil and the evil never left them!
It's curtains for his critics!
Come prepared for the thrill of a lifetime!
Turkish Delight is a cross between Love Story and Last Tango in Paris!
Take your best shot... 'cause it'll probably be your last.
His wife just left him for another man. And so did his boyfriend.
Being the story of two bet-on-anything guys who happily discover something called a "winning streak"
148 people live in the township of Paris and every one of them is a murderer.
One beautiful man. His true story
They tampered with nature - now they must pay the price...
Let's you feel good without feeling bad
We dare you to see...
A documentary on the military dictator of Africa's Uganda.
You can lock your car. But if he wants it...it's GONE IN 60 SECONDS
Get a Lift
The Forever War. Goes On
The entertainment that loves a lot, and lives a lot, and gives and gives and gives a lot.
Harry Benson is a brilliant computer scientist. For three minutes a day, he is violently homicidal.
With his All-Girl Army of Kung Fu Killers.
Nothing is wrong if it feels good
I need another drink... I need a lot of life insurance... I need a vacation.... and all I've got is a coat, a hat, and a gun!
Sexier than the Marx Brothers, handsomer than Laurel and Hardy but not as smart as The 3 Stooges
He's a one man army. She's a one woman death squad.
Too much ... for one movie!
The most wanted men in the west!
Where the only way to survive is to kill yourself
Which Side Are You On?
The street where starlets are made!
She will open your eyes.
For the first time... the vast, spectacular drama that changed the world!
By train, by plane, by the edge of your seat - It's the most hilarious suspense ride of your life!
If you don't see Up! ‰Û_ you'll feel down!
A nice place to visit, but you could never LIVE there!
Julie Christie carries the "Demon Seed." Fear for her
The Master of Comedy takes on The Master of Suspense!
WANTED. Four men willing to drive a cargo of death to escape a life in hell.
The generations change. But the choices remain the same.
The Nazis hid it. The Russians want it. The Americans stole it. General George S. Patton may die for it.
The mission was a sham. The murders were real.
Pick Your Poison!
Death is for the living and not for the dead so much.
The song was scandalous. The movie is hilarious!
The only thing they don't use... is the scream.
When the wine flows, the terror begins‰Û_
More than one Family Secret hides behind A Wedding
Let the sun shine in!
The FIRST Certified Crazy Person's Comedy.
Your favorite pain in the neck is about to bite your funny bone!
Catherine & her son share a desire that will shock you.
One man against the world.
He wants to straighten out his life.... one way or another
There comes a time when we have to stand up and be counted. This is the story of one man who did.
Don't Panic
A Cat With A Heart of Gold
Finding it after four decades is quite a challenge‰Û_. but holding onto it is really an adventure!
There's Only One Person Left Who Believes Mick O'Brien Can Make It... Mick O'Brien.
He's out there...
When these guys hit the streets, guess what hits the fan.
The end of the familiar. The beginning of the end.
He's making the world safe for insanity.
Java, 1942 - A clash of cultures, a test of the human spirit
Adventure Beyond the Edge of Time
Sound you can see in the movie you can feel!
Rusty James can't live up to his brother's reputation. His brother can't live it down.
Someone has hidden justice within the law. Now justice is breaking out.
Of all the worlds in all the galaxies...why did they pick this one?
BURT'S BACK . . . With car crashin' & party crashin' as the hassled hunk who drives his car upside down & his women round the bend!
That is the movie!
You're travelling through another dimension. A dimension, not only of sight and sound, but of mind. A journey into a wondrous land whose boundaries are that of imagination. Next stop, the Twilight Zone!
A Shipload of Laughs.
In the middle of the night, when there's no one else...
A new powerful presentation of the most loved ghost story of all time!
You can cry 'wolf' once too often!
Alan Bird is getting nothing he wants this Christmas.
A boy... a girl... and a computer
You'll live the adventure... You'll love it's heroes.
Even bad guys have bad days
A totally SPACED adventure! ...You have to be there to see it.
They've Got Everything... including a 10 year old daughter who's suing them for divorce.
In 1942 California, two young men await induction into the U.S. Marines and say goodbye to their girlfriends.
You've made it through Halloween, now try and survive Christmas.
He was powerful, charismatic, compassionate and gay. After eleven months in office he was assassinated.
The movie with a head on it!
After Harry Joy dropped dead... his life was never the same again.
It's potentially dangerous, probably illegal and definitely crazy.
They will make cemeteries their cathedrals and the cities will be your tombs.
An adventure on a world beyond the stars.
If God had wanted them to be angels, He would have given them wings!
You may know the name, but the game has changed.
The Ninja Master... is now The Ninja Avenger
The End of the World is Just the Beginning
With spies like these who needs enemies?
Are you eating it... or is it eating you?
Nothing exciting ever happened in Chris' family. But within 48 hours, his mother will be kidnapped, His father will be forced to reveal a secret past and he will find himself at the center of an adventure he never dreamed could happen to him.
All he needed was a lucky break. Then one day she moved in.
The music and the magic come together...
A comedy about life, hope, and getting even.
The vacation you'll never forget - no matter how hard you try.
There's a party every day, a movie every night, and all the junk food you can eat. What more can a kid want... except to get out.
The movie that watches television through the eyes of Fellini.
Who will rule the future?
Are the police above the law? I'll send my insurance claim to you.
Spectacular action all the way as Jackie Chan busts a high-tech drug ring.
A new breed of enemy has taken over the world... Sam Hell has come to take it back.
Ex-Cop, Ex-CIA, Explosive
Before man walked the earth...it slept for centuries. It is evil. It is real. It is awakening.
Never let the truth ruin a good story.
Feel what it's like from the inside.
The Screen's Immortals... A movie you'll never forget.
These women are serious about their taste in men.
One hundred years ago, in the City of London, in the East-End slum of Whitechapel, a man shocked the world by murdering, raping and mutilating five women. He was never caught.
In space, no one can eat ice cream.
A movie like no other
A film made for children‰Û_ perhaps?
At the end of an empire, a mystery began.
Horror Has A New Home.
It all happened in a Gimli we no longer know.
South Africa, 1963. A mother's love. A family's courage.
I was feeling blue, but I'm better now.
In the outer zone... you need a friend
Who does he think he is?
She has just witnessed a murder that hasn't happened yet.
Good girls want him bad. Bad girls want him worse.
When you pound this beat, it pounds you back.
A terrifying tale of sluts and bolts.
Nico's back and this time he's even more harder to kill.
A gambler who trusted no one. A woman who risked everything. And a passion that brought them together in the most dangerous city in the world.
When people are afraid of you... you can do anything. Remember that.
When the streets are a jungle... There can only be one king.
It will take you to the edge of suspense.
Sometimes terrible things happen quite naturally
An innocent man just went over the edge of reason.
She doesn't want much. Just a whole new life.
Sometimes you've got to stand out to fit in.
No one can harm you in your imagination.
She only wanted love. But money's better than nothing.
He's the toughest cop on the planet Arturus -- but on earth he's in over his head!
They're the best of friends... And they've got the scars to prove it.
All it took was a whisper.
The magic and madness of making Apocalypse Now
The story of a guy with a few too many hang-ups.
Sometimes a banana is just a banana!
Loving him was easy. Trusting him was deadly.
He was a good man in a deadly business. She was his only way out.
He wants to be tied down. She wants to be tied up. It's not what you think.
A lively comedy about a living doll!
I‰Ûªm going on a trip with Me
The Bellas were one big happy family. Then Renata met Sam...
Meet Larry the Liquidator. Arrogant. Greedy. Self-centered. Ruthless. You gotta love the guy.
No Sleep To Brooklyn!
A magician's spell, the innocence of young love and a dream of revenge unite to create a tempest.
There's a price on his head. A girl on his mind. And a twinkle in his eye.
Rock & Romance Explode In A Texas Town.
A cop who enforces his own brand of justice.
Sometimes the middle of nowhere can lead to the most beautiful of places.
Frozen in the ice for decades, Captain America is freed to battle against arch-criminal, The Red Skull.
Every day you make a million decisions. But it only takes one to change your life. Forever . . .
Where the pros meet the cons.
The movie that goes straight for the jugular.
Keeping up an image can be a full time job.
A Pig's Got to Fly
He's Coach...not first class.
With a suitcase full of song, Hearts filled with passion, two brothers come to America in search of a dream.
He needed to trust her with his secret. She had to trust him with her life.
A dreamer and a champion. An unbeatable team...Until his hero stepped out of his fantasies to fight at his side.
The epic as big as the west continues...
The Magic Power of the Ninja Is About to Reveal Itself...
All He Needs Is Love.
Future Beware: The soul is in the software.
The high-tech prison thirty stories below ground. Built to withstand anything... Execpt an innocent man.
Why run away from home when you can drive?
He's big, he's bad, and he's babysitting. He doesn't stand a chance.
They cut a hole through time
She wanted to give her daughter the best shot at being a cheerleader... The things you do for your kids.
She's got a little secret and a lot of explaining to do.
A ferocious man sleeps here
A wickedly funny comedy of Royal proportions
Three wild hearts. One sexy romantic comedy.
The end of the world is just the beginning.
They're beautiful. They're perfect. They're to DIE for!
Between innocence and evil lies the seduction.
The cat thriller!
A thinking man's stupid comedy.
Some loves are meant to be. This one, not so much.
To avenge his masters death, He'll fight like never before!
If she can hide her past, and he can hide his present, they just might have a future.
The dream team is back!
Fathers have just one problem with raising their daughters. They grow up!
They couldn't leave dead enough alone.
Neil Price is in a bad way. He got up on the wrong side of the country this morning.
Prepare yourself for the flight of your life!
There is a place between the living and the dead... and it's open 24 hours
A journey of the heart. The adventure of their lives.
I found someone I like
When your deepest desire becomes your worst nightmare...
He Redefines Revenge.
The Final Battle Of Good Against Evil Is About To Begin!
All Singing! All Dancing! All Flesh Eating!
Two heads fighting for the late night crown - One head's gotta roll.
Blood ties can be murder.
You don't have a chance. Seize it!
Fatal Sushi ... Lethal Chopsticks .. And As American As Apple Pie!
The Road to Hell is Paved with Good Intentions
Hot Sun. Hot Skin. Hot Bodies.
Love is always worth fighting for.
The fairy tale is over.
Do you dare pay the fare?
Lovers on the RUN . . .
Get On The Road.
The less you know, the safer you are.
The Circle of Life Continues...
TRUE LOVE...Is Just A Wish Away!
Two minds... one truth
Fashion isn't everything
The comedy that is long on originality and short on pants.
Someone is about to go over the edge.
Too beautiful to die. Too wild to live.
They say the past always catches up with you. This could be the day.
Fight now. Ask questions later.
The most magical adventure of all time.
He'll risk everything to beat the system.
Two young doctors with a dream of making it big... Really big!
A work of deadly fiction.
They aimed to build the ultimate fighting machine...they missed.
Inside the world's first postmodern revolution
It was only one mistake, but it was a big one.
Some families have all the fun.
Three young men rob a bank. Only two of them are caught. What will happen when they return to their home town?
The world has a right to know.
Sonny Chiba, hired to kill... If his kick doesn't get you... his fatal fist will!
There is no solitude greater than that of the Samurai
Blood is sharper than the blade
People are dying to live in this building.
They were young. They were beautiful. They were born to win.
Cleaning up the planet one villain at a time.
Wouldn't it be better if everyone would just die...
Something Happens
Welcome to the Venus Beauty Institute where love, innocence and sex are a sight to behold.
Lose your innocence... Or lose your life.
When you live in the fast lane, there's no looking back!
The original Hip Hop documentary
A Summer Night's Dream
She died at 19. 500 years later her legend lives on!
Le 29 mars, il passe la seconde.
What happens when a kid finds a gun or a gun finds a kid?
Some lines should never be crossed.
Revenge is sweet and sexy.
This Girl Needs More Than 60 Minutes!
Pay to check in... pray to check out!
Women love women.
Sometimes being different helps you to find your voice!
1922, somewhere in Australia...Some men lead, others follow.
Are you still in the mood for love?
Meet the new face of terror.
Would you ever...?
The nightmare begins when you open your eyes...
Trying to reach the limits of evil... But evil has no limits.
I would prefer not to.
This Time, The Joker Is Wild
How far would you go to protect a secret?
She always gets a part
Nothing will stop them...
The acclaimed HBO documentary film about the Robin Hood Hills Murders.
If you could make your deaf children hear, would you do it?
Once you get in, you can't get out.
Learn to speak her language.
Don't serve coffee to strangers.
Alone, we have the power to revolutionize the world.
Because life has its ups and downs.
Passion. Mysticism. Adventure. Journey beyond the legend of Camelot
It's all about loving your parents.
They did the one thing the Nazis never expected. They fought back.
Play It To Death
Everyone carries a piece of the truth.
From doin' time to prime time...
Sometimes lessons come from unexpected places
Eight shots! The truth is there
One meeting. Six million lives.
Revenge Has Never Been So Cold
Love, Friendships... and Penispumps?!
Ordinary Guy, Extraordinary Spy.
An epic story of hope.
A house. A past. A secret. Will you dare enter?
Your next sale may be your last!
Her life is his job.
Love is a many-gendered thing
The devil you know.
Who will survive!?
Darkness can do strange things to a man
smartsexydangeroussmartsexydangeroussmart
Fear is not knowing. Terror is finding out.
All the action, twice the laughs... no M.S.G.
150 Million miles from hope
Martin Flam recently tried to kill himself. His psychiatrist may finish the job...
Angrier. Deadlier. Sexier.
Which one of you will go to hell?
Me iz introducin a white paper.
I will destroy everything - The servant who obeys you, the Physician who heals you, the Priest who gives you absolution.
There is more to fear than you can see.
Blood Money. Deadly Heist. Some things can make a guy crazy.
In order to avoid the debilitating effects of a terminal illness, a young detective orders a hit on himself.
Caught between two lines of fire, the Germans gave them two options: surrender or die. They chose a third.
Welcome to a summer of their lives you will never forget.
Evil Souls Rule
He was worth more dead than he ever was alive... but not to me. I was Gary Gilmore's brother.
Sometimes finding true love can be the death of you.
This church wants to scare the Hell out of you.
Just Give'r
Read the signs.
Revenge Was Never This Sweet
If they think they can stop him, they're dead wrong.
Well then, goodbye everybody.
It's the Little Things in Life that Matter.
Some Rules Should Never Be Broken.
You Don't Know The å_ Of It!
Out for revenge. Out for payback.
A True Story
Some loves are never forgotten
She was the only man he ever loved.
Sex... Scandal... Celebrity... Some things never change.
Earth just got its final warning!
Free your mind.
I'm not going to be okay, Bud.
Fate can change in seconds.
A life worse than death.
A Revolution Has Begun...
May the best moves win again.
An unholy crime... An unstoppable killer... Caught in a deadly tide.
Votes for women
It's time to take a stand.
Rage unleashed.
Mishaps. Misadventures. Mayhem. Oh Joy.
They will seduce you - just before they kill you!
There is something mythological about killing an animal and then mocking it by sticking it into its own intestine
Never let go
When machines learn to feel, who decides what is human...
It‰Ûªs not so bad being a cat, now is it?
A South African Story of Truth, Love and Reconcilliation
You can't stop a man who will stop at nothing.
Where it reads 'home' read 'hell'. Where it reads 'love' there is pain
Desire knows no bounds.
It only dies if you do.
In a small town, evil spreads quickly.
They should have stayed away from that water
A Father's Rage Knows No Limit
Old Habits Die Hard.
15 years of imprisonment, five days of vengeance
Evil Rises
Death cannot be put on hold...
Terror has a new name.
Can anyone be truly good?
They're Coming Back to Wipe Us Out!
Life is original, everything else is copy
The animated House musical.
No computer graphics. No stunt doubles. No wires.
The Birth of a Legend
Sensitive Drama About a Polemic Theme
Every family has a hero.
Festival Express... The longest party in rock-n-roll history.
First Time Sucks
The truth needs no translation.
Scream all you want.
The Ultimate Showdown
Out of the ashes, hope will rise.
Beneath the surface, everyone has a secret.
The dead don't sleep.
For God loved the world So much...
Two boys observe a political coup in their native Chile.
The corporation as psychopath...
Changing the world one prank at a time.
18 women want children. Jack is a white collar whistle-blower in need of a job.
From The Ravages of War Raises An Assassin
What Else You Gonna Do On A Saturday?
A breakthrough that changed the face of medicine. A unique partnership that broke the rules.
Documentary Making of St. Anger
They came. They saw. They came.
It's never too late to re-tune your soul
This Is NOT Your Grandmother's Game Of Scrabble.
Good things come in 3's
Revenge is a dish best served hot.
Time to get wise.
Everything Is Not Going To Be OK
When a hero falls a legend will rise
If only I can feel you... even as the wind
Miracles are closer than you think
Bare your body, bare your soul.
Beyond his silence, there is a past. Beyond her dreams, there is a feeling. Beyond hope, there is a memory. Beyond their journey, there is a love.
A Fortune If They Seal Her Lips!...A Bullet If They Fail!
The brutal realities that faced every G.I. during World War II
An obsessive vision. A desperate dream. A world that didn't understand... And a brother that did.
Everyone knew Dave was back in town ... and woman-trouble must be close behind !
When the world closed its eyes, he opened his arms.
M*G*M's successor to 'THE GREAT ZIEGFELD'
The Terrifying New Chapter In The "Hellraiser" Legacy!
Willy Wonka is semi-sweet and nuts.
"oh yeah?" "Oh yeah!"
The deeper you go, the weirder life gets.
For some men, the sky was the limit. For him, it was just the beginning.
The classic musical comes to the big screen for the first time.
In the era of cool, Bobby Darin was the soundtrack.
He's rich, young and handsome. He's in love with you and he's your dad's boss.
Misery loves family.
The mad story of a true man.
The heart is a lonely hunter.
Adventure on the high seas!
Here's That ALL-AMERICAN LAUGH TEAM!
The extraordinary adventures of a Lolita-look aficionado and a tough biker gang chick.
The line separating the living from the dead has been crossed.
Sometimes what tears us apart helps us put it back together.
Graffiti Can Be A Powerful Weapon
There is nothing like a Grateful Dead concert
Now...from the star, the director and the producer of 'Gunfight at the O.K. Corral'
The picture about the Marabunta!
He's caught in a pickle and everyone is watching!
A wildly romantic comedy about a cookie, a bookie, and the kid they bet their hearts on.
Michael Burgess wrote a book about the American Revolution. Now, Hollywood's come to his town to make a movie of it -- Plunging him into a summer of madness.
You'll just love...MAMA!
Wait until you see the final cut...
A hero of war. A casualty of peace, With only one hope for survival...his son.
Howard Hughes' Thrilling Multi-Million Dollar Air Spectacle
They may be murderers, but they mean well.
When pushed too far the VICTIMS of violence seek REVENGE!
He Plans To Steal...More Than Her Heart.
Violence. Feeling. Being caught.
Good cop. Great criminal.
Wanted by two women!
People are never who they seem to be.
Missiles! Jets! Tanks! ...It's Still The Guy With Guts And A Gun Who Wins The War!
Deliver them from evil.
An epic fantasy of peace and magic.
Two bumbling private eyes help a man wrongly accused of murder who has become invisible clear his name.
They're too wild for one world!
MORE GHOULISH GLEE THAN WHEN THEY MET FRANKENSTEIN!
Never Judge a Man by his Cover
Humanity's last chance for survival.
Looks can kill
Cheer 'til you're horse!
It begins on the street. It ends here.
THEY MET LIFE - AND GLORY - IN ONE BLINDING FLASH!!
An American nuclear sub.. a sky full of Russian paratroopers--and a race for the secret of Ice Station Zebra!
No boy is bad, if given a chance!
A woman torn between a man and a memory
Going mad is just the beginning of the terror...
DARING in its realism. STUNNING in its impact. BREATHTAKING in its scope.
The Most Exciting Picture!
Gee it's great to be together at last on another fellows honeymoon!
If you can't sleep at night, it isn't the coffee - it's the bunk!
She was a beautiful witch...but she done him wrong!
The worst of them will stay with you... forever
Getting there is twice the fun.
Now on the Big Screen in COLOUR!
April 1945, a nation awaits its...Downfall
Unite and fight.
24 hours. 350 miles. His girlfriend's kids. What could possibly go wrong?
Can mankind defeat the army of darkness unleashed by an ancient evil cult?
Come out, come out, whatever you are.
You thought it was just a story.
Love doesn't come cheap.
In a small town, on a peaceful lake, a mythical creature is about to surface.
The most honored play in the history of Broadway...becomes an electrifying motion picture!
Sherlock Holmes meets Jack the Ripper! Here comes the original caped crusader!
Rough, tough and ready.
A Masterpiece of Imagination...
You can't wash out all the color and keep the flavor.
There's Nothing Real In This... But The Money.
The ultimate in terror!
Sex is the ultimate weapon.
THUNDERING DRAMA!
Hot-blooded adventure!
There's more than one way to shoot yourself
The greatest film about prison life
Power. Justice. Darkness. Light.
Eric's new in the neighborhood. Mac's new on the planet.
A Love Story Unlike Any You've Ever Seen
How far can a man journey into darkness...and still find his way back?
Sex is easy. Love isn't.
The GREATEST ROMANCE and ADVENTURE in a THOUSAND YEARS!
In love and life there's only one way to go.
He has a Yen for her, but he won't tell her where it's hidden...
We should all be so crazy.
Cecil B. DeMille's GREATEST TRIUMPH! OUT-THRILLS ALL OTHER SCREEN SPECTACLES!
The war has begun!
The most breath-taking man hunt that ever criss-crossed out of the screen!
The two lived there
He will save the future.
‰ÛÏShe wanted adventure. In Hong Kong she found her match.‰Û
The cure for the common man.
There's something new in the Hundred Acre Wood.
It was filmed in 6 days for 25 thousand dollars. The government didn't want you to see it. It was banned in 23 states. It has grossed over 600 million dollars. And it is the most profitable film in motion picture history.
Bollywood meets Hollywood... And it's a perfect match
Hell Wants Him, Heaven Won't Take Him, Earth Needs Him.
Who's next?
Discover what happens when you go looking for a miracle and a miracle comes looking for you.
Hollywood Will Never Be the Same
No one admitted while the clock is ticking!
It's about the first time you fall in love
Gus #1 didn't have a ghost of a chance until he became... Gus #2. With his new looks the girl of his dreams is about to find out that looks are only skin deep when she falls in love with Gus #1 and #2.
They were having so much fun in Paris. If only they could keep from falling in love.
In the end things work out for the best, for all of us
All That Stands Between Light And Darkness Is The Night Watch.
Danger is in the details
Topper's having girl trouble again!
Protecting witnesses is a challenge. Living with them is impossible.
HISTORY'S MOST BEAUTIFUL AND TREACHEROUS WOMAN!
So many gangsters...so little time.
Tonight, He either fights for his life or he'll be running for the rest of it.
The bitter and the sweet of temporary things.
The Doctor is out... of his mind.
A schoolteacher becomes the mentor of a talented young miner and seeks to get him into a university.
Confounding! Sherlock Holmes meets Sigmund Freud
. . . One for All and All for Fun!
Ne'er-do-well Harry Flashman is coerced by Otto von Bismark into impersonating a prince.
Jean-Luc Godard's Swinging Look at Youth and Love in Paris Today!
The creator of "Laura" does it again!
See...The Dreaded Dervishes! - Kipling's Famous FUZZY WUZZIES!
Who will be the next in line to defy the curse?
There's No Such Thing As A Free Ride.
Sex, Drugs and Study Hall.
The country is obliterated, the buildings are dilapidated and the people are desolated.
Who are these unholy savages who hunt out their victims by sound alone?
Behind every gun is "The Sicilian Clan!"
Warm Love! Hilarious fun! Sweet music! Hot lyrics!
Time heals the heart. Faith heals the rest.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
A comedy that makes you cry. A drama that makes you laugh.
Welcome to the infantry.
Everyone is looking for the next big hit
He was trained to hate until he met the enemy.
Every Second Counts
You can shine no matter what you're made of.
A father and a daughter, divided by a case, endangered by the truth.
Their climb to freedom will become the greatest adventure.
Marriage, sibling rivalry and other catastrophes.
In this fight, all will be over.
A provocative erotic drama, stylishly rendered by Andre Techine, who won the Best Director award at the Cannes Film Festival for this compelling investigation into the intersection of sexual and artistic passion.
That's funny, they both look like George Burns.
When Crime is a Way of Life, You Never Know if You're Amongst Enemies...or Amongst Friends.
Could be a serious mission, if it were not that funny.
From the age of magnificence comes a new magnificence in motion pictures.
Before the fame when fun was the name of the game.
This movie is bigger than all of us!
An Adventurous Race Against Time!
A combo of scuba dupes rock up a storm in a mad pad under the surf!
It's nice work - and you can get it!
That Joyous New Musical !
"I LOVE YOU BABY, BUT MY WIFE JUST REFUSES TO UNDERSTAND!"
If It's On TV, It Must Be The Truth.
Play it. Sing it. Shout it. Feel it.
A special force in a special kind of hell!
Frantic for life and love - Frantic for excitement
The movie that has no limits of evil!
Every nightmare has a beginning.
Whenever I have that dream... something bad happens.
The story of two women whose friendship suddenly became a matter of life and death.
They did the robbery of the century - They just didn't know it
Heart-Warming Romance . . . Stark, Sensational Drama! Thrills! Action! Adventure! ...Ripped From The Heart!
That summer a woman was running with the devil and it rained more than ever‰Û_
The Big Musical with Broadway Flair and a Western Air!
Life can be a comedy or a tragedy, it all depends on how you look at it.
You might feel a little prick
His house. His rules. Some in-laws were made to be broken.
Evil is so totally busted!
Inside The Wild Wild World Of Professional Bowling!
Beauty...Mystery...Delightful Humor...
In 1942 everyone loved a soldier
The Carboni Boys. They haul ice, lay out stiffs and dance with monkeys.
HE FOUGHT FOR MAN... and lost a woman!
Love was a gamble she couldn't afford to lose.
Sure - I like a good time!
It's so easy to cry 'SHAME'!
THE SCREEN'S GREATEST EXCITEMENT OF THE YEAR!
It couldn't happen . . . but it did!
Let yourself glow
Bit by bit...By bit he carved a nightmare!
Let the battle begin...
Jack Pozzi is about to take the biggest gamble of his life...
He's the coolest pet in town!
Drugs. Sex. Murder. All in a day's work for the kids of mixed blood
He's having the adventure of someone else's life.
Where there‰Ûªs a will, there‰Ûªs a relative.
The safety of family is the wish of the world
A Fantastic Tale Of Survival
A strangler... A swindler... A safecracker... Yet you'll love them!
You'll never forget the young lovers in...
The right stuff. The wrong time.
SH-H-H-H! TONIGHT'S YOUR NIGHT TO HOWL! And howl you will at this funniest of all comedies...
It was her vanity that destroyed her.
You've Waited a Year for This But WOW! What a Hit!
He uncovered their secrets.
Selfhood begins with a walking away, and love is proved in the letting go.
Walk down the right back alley in Sin City and you can find anything...
A Cut Above
Dirk Pitt. Adventure has a new name.
A Comedy About The Game of Love.
The only way to find the future is to face the past.
Celebrate the Incredible Strength of Humanity.
'Nam was hell... Prison unbearable... But coming home meant murder.
She's bet everything, and we mean everything, that she can turn this New York cabbie into an overnight sensation. He has other things in mind. But he's never had a trainer like this one!
He's A Good Cop..... On A Big Bike..... On A Bad Road.
A band is born
A special film about two special people.
A soft-spoken school teacher tries to prove he's not a Nazi collaborator.
The story of one shepherd's long and successful singlehanded effort to re-forest a desolate valley.
A comedy about two guys who'd do anything to be on top.
The story of Japanese-American soldiers who fought in Europe during World War II
A chill-filled festival of horror!
She'll put you in traction.
A boarding school teenager on the verge of full erotic awakening.
Warner Bros.' super action show of shows!
Ask her no questions, she'll tell you no lies. Ask her too many and somebody dies.
A film by Pier Paolo Pasolini
Let yourself go... they do!
For madmen only.
James Michener's novel reaches the screen.
A good football coach can get away with murder.
Come to laugh at yourself.
This is the story of a woman... Her hidden thirsts and hungers... Told by the world-famous director Michelangelo Antonioni in his first color film.
The two last men against a female world.
Entertainment Greatness . . . That Only Motion Picture Magic Can Bring !
Beautiful, creepy, haunting, sad.
Chronicle of a French City under the Occupation
Beautiful innocence cast-away in paradise.
The return of the happy ending.
SHE'S MARRIED TO HIM........HE'S MARRIED TO HER... AND...IT'S...SHEER...BEDLAM...FROM...MORNING...'TIL NIGHT!
You'll Love it!...The Big Lavish Musical of the Roaring Twenties!
Gorgeous Girls! Uproarious Fun! The Big Musical Show!
A voyage to narrative cinema
The First 3-Act Motion Picture Ever Presented!
Welcome to the bottom of the food chain.
Sentenced to death... chosen to live... destined to kill again.
The chant of the underdog
The shocking story of an unbelievable miscarriage of justice.
Not everyone loves surprises
When you don't have a choice, you change.
DRAMA AND SPECTACLE UNPARALLELED! ENTERTAINMENT UNDREAMED OF! 12,000 PLAYERS! 200 MIGHTY SCENES! TOLD TO THE TUNE OF 87 BELOVED SONGS!
The stirring saga of a childless beauty...who was determined to be a mother!
Don't leave Earth without it.
EASTWOOD is the man . . Eiger is the location . . and the sanction - is a licence to kill!
You'll want to be there when the fun starts!
Would you buy a used slave from this man ?
What happened over the next 28 days has never been explained.
They're freaks coming to kick your butt!
You never know what someone's been through
Hell hath no fury like a sorceress scorned!
IT'S UNIQUE...suspense...mystery...drama!
The manhunt no woman could stop!
An impudent, riotous laugh on the lives and morals of our day!
Men make history. We make the men.
There's nothing better than a great romance... to ruin a perfectly good friendship.
A town's future is riding with one man.
It's Just Business.
Prepare for the next level
Be without fear in the face of your enemies. Safeguard the helpless, and do no wrong
Prey. Slay. Display
You think you know who you are. You have no idea.
It takes a big man to cover this town.
Two boys. One can't remember. The other can't forget.
The first time seems like the worst time, but it's the one time you'll never forget!
THE SOMETIMES VIOLENT STORY OF A DRIFTIN' COWHAND!
Rough, Tough, Deeply Moving
The Life and Many Loves of the Most Exciting Woman of Our Time
She Fell In Love . . . with the toughest guy on the toughest street in the world !
Another film masterpiece by the director of the prize-winning 'The Young and the Damned'
Elizabeth I's love for the Earl of Essex threatens to destroy her kingdom.
The Great Broadway Stage Hit Reaches The Screen
They beat him.  They deprived him. they ridiculed him. They broke his heart but they couldn't break his spirit.
Why buy the cow, when you can get the milk for free?
Paramount's All Talking Musicomedy Sensation
They look for love in a world of violence!
Women had their place. Hers was in the revolution.
There's nothing like a woman to come between men !
Aboard a ship early in the 20th-century, a middle-aged Italian tells his story of love to a Russian.
Uncover Hidden Desires.
The true story of a family that fought Nazi madness with the only weapon they had. Love.
The one with the lampshade
It‰Ûªs on for young and old
One shot is all it takes.
Serve No Master
Don't work. Don't want to study. I'm not a bum. I want to be free.
Scrooge McDuck's First Full-Length Animated Feature Film.
The big musical fun show!
The saga is complete.
One man could lead this team to glory. . . That man was busy
This relationship is going to be a real mother.
A fictional solution to the real mystery of Agatha Christie's disappearance.
Love surpasses death
IT'S A Ghost-to-Ghost HOOK-UP!
Together again!
Extortion. Murder. Revenge.
2 lovers, one summer, and the 9 songs that defined them.
From the Most Popular Mystery Romance since "Rebecca"!
Great Drama of American Heroism
Someone's got a zoo loose.
Love can turn you upside down.
Ultra Suspense. The best seller made America hold its breath for 225 pages. Now it shatters your nerves with the most incredible robbery on film.
There are two kinds of people: those who get AIRBORNE...and those who don't.
Go back before the beginning, to the place where evil was born.
If you can't get out, get even.
A romantic comedy about right, wrong and everything in between.
Sometimes the most patriotic thing a Marine can do...is disobey orders. From most honored to Most Wanted.
One man's extraordinary fight to save the family he loved.
Laugh. Cry. Share the pants.
They never thought they'd be famous, but they always thought they'd be friends.
Smart and sexy.
Smaller heroes. Just as super.
Hearts will bleed.
The terror of the time has darkened their world.  Now they'll have to fight for a new dawn.
In the heat of battle not all soldiers can be heroes.
The ultimate battle has only just begun.
Slam! Bam! Here comes Sam!...Caught in the Middle of a Two-Woman Jam!
THIS IS THE BIG ONE! The splendor and savagery of the world's wickedest empire! Three hours of spectacle you'll remember for a lifetime!
He makes two-timing an art...and gets away with it
Evil fears the knight.
Earth: Out-numbered, Out-monstered, Out-done.
Is it all too good to be true?
The most dangerous thing to want is more.
He's hoping for a miracle. He doesn't have a prayer.
Start your engines...
The dead shall inherit the Earth.
Be warned. Be ready.
Five crazy houses. Five proud owners.
Out for all he can take, seduce, or get away with...
From the Nightmares of 3 Horror Masters
You'll laugh 'til you die
Every heart is a revolutionary cell.
A Girl Can Lift A Fellow To The Skies!
She laughs, she cries, she feels angry, she feels lonely, she feels guilty, she makes breakfast, she makes love, she makes do, she is strong, she is weak, she is brave, she is scared, she is... an unmarried woman.
The Racket boldly begins where the Senate crime committee left off!
She became a woman in the middle of a kiss!
In the past... Lies our future.
He's losing their minds
One man alone understood the savagery of the early American west from both sides.
The Life Story of the Creator of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn - His keen pen wove a fabric of wit into the lives of Americans !
One kid's fantasy. One cop's nightmare.
The shocking story of identical twins... One too good to die. The other too evil to live.
Funnier than "Father of the Bride!"
Zany Barbra!
When you pass the buck, the last thing you expect is change.
When you can't scream you can only run...
She Thought She Had The Perfect Life. But She Was Dead Wrong.
Better . . . Battier . . . Funnier Than Ever !
Keep the world laughing!
Nobody plays rougher than The Outfit...
His passion was life. His obsession was art.
Eleanor Powell - Fred Astaire - In The Finest Broadway Melody Of Them All
His story began when it all ended
They're already here.
Shirley MacLaine raises Michael Caine!
Pow ‰Û_ Power ‰Û_ Brainpower
In the harshest place on Earth, love finds a way.
He clobbers the mob
A comedy where old school ...meets middle school
This Season, The Mystery Of The Darkness Will Consume Your Life
Can music tame the raging soul?
4 times the action. 4 times the adventure. 4 times the fantastic.
A woman attempts to realize the dreams she never knew she had.
Life's a Party. Crash It.
All's well that ends swell.
When it comes to home security, he's the top dog!
The truth at last? What really happened to The Hindenburg?
You're never home alone when you're a twin!
SUSPENSE...SUSPICION...MAN-WOMAN DESIRES!
The creeping terror drifted towards them stamping out all civilization in its eerie path!
Born out of the blazing passions of war!
Thiers the greatest adventure
The music will inspire them. The dream will unite them. This summer get crunk.
You can't stop progress.
Southwest to Sonora rode the lustful, the lawless... to live on the edge of violence!
It takes a lotta bottle to be the champ
Your time will come...
The bases are loaded... so is the coach.
Death walks behind. Hell waits ahead.
Rock and roll will never die.
Shut down the theaters, the performance has hit the streets!
Saving The World... One Homework Assignment At A Time.
Fear The Sky
100 Superstar Comedians. One Very Dirty Joke.
Georgy Girl is BIG!
It's 10pm. Do you know where your mother is?
...a racy romance of a famous beauty doctor.
The rubber that rubs you out!
Cinnamon... is bitter and sweet, just like a woman
He's not a serial killer. He's much worse.
The Last Call You'll Ever Get ...
Can't stop the signal.
A character driven comedy
The greatest star cast ever assembled.......The greatest story ever told
Sometimes life brings some strange surprises.
Is Love Eternal?
She climbed the ladder of success - wrong by wrong!
The story of a woman...who thought she was a star so high in the sky no man could touch her!
A new element in screen suspense
Behind the greatest hoax of our time is the heartbreaking story that started it all.
The Nature of Fear
The Screen Screams out at a Hundred Horrors!
Cousins. Outlaws. Thrillbillies.
Fear. Trust. Love.
For the women of Europe... The price of love just got a lot cheaper.
Fearing Is Believing
They came home to bury mom... and her killer
The most daring rescue mission of our time is a story that has never been told
Passion. Possession.
The devil wears a grey skirt and her name is Kimberly Joyce.
One man spent the last 13 years of his life crossing them.
The next lie you tell may be your last.
Lee Marvin and Gene Hackman, Together they're murder in...
The Female Jungle EXPOSED!
See Hercules - Man of Steel meet the maniacs of mayhem!
If you're going to race with the devil, you've got to be as fast as Hell!
Beatiful, seductive and totally deadly.
Men followed. Women worshiped. Rome trembled.
Are you infected?
Spend a weekend with no reservations!
She's glorious ...As a Woman In Arms! ...He's Magnificent As the Man She Adores.
Some friendships are wilder than others
30 Fighting "Desert rats" Invade Africa's Fortress!
The master of crime cleans up the dirty game of murder!
He's got the world in an UPROAR!
The only thing Stanley & Michael didn't plan on for the perfect date was...Phil.
Fall under her spell.
Drama
It's the swellest. It's the cream of the silver screen. It's got buckets of tears and a million laughs.
All The Riotous Fun Of The Prize-Winning Stage Comedy!
The longer you wait, the harder it gets
Another legacy begins.
Fear takes flight.
There are monsters standing in his way.
IN THE ROLE THAT FITS HIM LIKE A GUN FITS A HOLSTER! GARY COOPER as the MAN OF THE WEST
Come... Fall In Love
Enjoyable, bouncy little romantic comedy
The Gauls are revolting!
He had the life expectancy of a match.
We are all connected.
Some pigeons eat crumbs, others make history.
Eliminating Evil Since 1812.
Red-Blooded Action
It's the picture that has the whole town shivering!
She is both temptation and salvation.
Why have the dead suddenly returned...
A romantic comedy for anyone who's ever been dumped.
There are places man was never meant to go.
They Know Each Other By Heart.
10 Dares. 12 Hours. One Wild Night.
Love. At any cost.
The Best In The Business Is Back In The Game.
It's a wonderful afterlife.
The biggest risk in life is not taking one.
Where there's a will, there's a weapon
He never hurt a soul until the day he died.
Nobody believes a liar...even when they're telling the truth.
Leave Normal Behind.
The great American motion picture!
All new, Outrageous, Uncensored!
Payback is deadly.
Grand Hotel of comedy
Failures and suffering make a real hero
A Famous Play.....Now A Great Picture!
JUMP INTO YOUR BOOTS AND SADDLES...IT'S ROUND-UP TIME IN THE WILD AND WOOLY WEST!
It Is Nowhere Written That The American Empire Goes On Forever
The Brute in Everyman Was Also in Him - And the Love and the Violence
The natural history of a woman.
No one gets out alive.
Heads You Live... Tails You Die.
What happens in the kitchen ends up on the plate.
The Perfect World Meets The Perfect Assassin
Every secret takes on a life of its own.
One guy walks the walk. The other talks and talks.
What is your function in life?
It's not supposed to happen twice in your life, but it can.
Trainspotting meets A Clockwork Orange
What happened to Emily?
If Someone Took Everything You Live For... How Far Would You Go To Get It Back?
There's been a grave misunderstanding.
Just think of someone you hate.
Tom Stall had the perfect life... until he became a hero.
Based on a True Story
In Cold Blood
The Crime of the Century!
Is it for the children, for a memory, or for himself?
Treasure has its price.
The Other Side of Reason. The Other Side of Fate. The Other Side of Truth.
The end of innocence...the beginning of life.
When good people do bad things.
The mob has a new enemy.
Let the insanity begin.
Something bunny is going on...
SeX. MurdEr. MyStery. Welcome to the party.
Watch your step
When Mademoiselle Deluzy-Desportes starts teaching at a girls school, she is confronted with tales and gossip about her, which have become common knowledge among her students. Provoked by her students, she decides to tell them her life story.
The Hero. The Monster. The Myth.
Bob Dylan. Songwriter. Rocker. Rebel. Legend.
MIRACLES DO HAPPEN!
Every Dream Has A Beginning
A Sound Journey with Evelyn Glennie
The Truth Will Change Everything.
He's not from around here...
What matters most is how well you walk through the fire.
Four people... Three minutes... Two choices... One chance for survival.
WHO Rules The Rackets ? This picture puts the finger on the political higher-ups!
Friends. Rivals. Sisters.
A handful of men and women held out against the frenzied hordes of bloodthirsty fanatics!
It's like a bad horror movie, only worse.
One of the most controversial films ever made.
Filmed on location in the haystack!
Joint custody blows.
How much will you risk?
Remember "The Thin Man"?  Well, here they are together again!
Love is a force of nature.
It's a heck of a place to find yourself
All She Wanted Was To Make A Living. Instead She Made History.
The tragedy of a love torn apart by each partner's overeagerness to please the other.
They took on the Government with nothing but the truth.
The love story of a man whose wife was more woman than angel!
This land will be civilized.
See It! Live It! Spread It!
What if the South had won the War?
Their PAST Has Come Back To HAUNT THEM
Get Schooled Not Fooled.
They couldn't rent it, so they made it themselves.
He's like no one we've ever known, but he's all we aspire to be.
Between the worlds of the living and the dead there is a place you're not supposed to stay.
The original caped crusader is back!
Dave Spritz is about to take his best shot . . . at life
Oh Yes... There Will Be Blood.
A Therapeutic New Comedy
Man, oh man, oh Mansfield!
It's my new wilderness adventure! The entire "Peanuts" gang faces everything from bullies to rampaging rapids. "Good grief", will you have fun!
There are only 923 words spoken in ‰ÛÏTeorema‰Û ‰ÛÒ but it says everything!
The past is right here
This One Time at Band Camp...
This is the only sport in the world where two guys get paid for doing something they'd be arrested for if they got drunk and did it for nothing.
Two young girls...trapped..with no escape! Forced to submit to the Horrors of the Pit!
Mothered by an ape--He knew only the law of the jungle--to seize what he wanted!
Johnny Weismuller is back again!
Even with the arms of her love around her...she still felt the menace of that voice in the night!
If You Can't Remember Your Past...You Can't Save Your Future.
Liberation. Whether They Want It Or Not.
The Gayest...Fastest...FOUR STAR MUSICAL OF 1941!
A child's chance to espace anger and injustice begins with one man. His father.
Antoine Doinel. He's got four ladies...Nine lives...and Plenty of alibis!
Adulthood is a moving target.
In screaming color
Your mind will not accept a game this big
Trash and chaossss!!!!
Welcome to the suck.
An Orthodox Jewish couple's faith is tested after praying to the Lord for a child on the Succoth holiday.
When it comes to saving the world, it helps to be a little chicken.
He's in all of us.
France 1914. A moment of humanity that made history.
He Turned Innocent Beauty Into Unspeakable Horror.
Vampires! Voodoo! Vixens! Victims!
A venture into the deepest, starkest realms of the supernatural...
How many eyes does horror have?
If You Think You Know the Story...You Don't Know the Man.
He loves her. She loves him not.
Everything is connected.
He never saw it coming.
Your journey terminates here
A romance ahead of its time.
Everyone you trust has the power to betray you.
In this city, only the cops are above the law.
A romantic comedy for the romantically challenged.
The Thrill Is In The Hunt.
Scream your last breath.
The Taming of the Arizona Territory !
Dark And Difficult Times Lie Ahead.
Four Friends. Two Marriages. One Divorce.
Love is a burning thing.
No day but today.
Adventure Is Waiting
Growing up in this family, you'd have to be... C.R.A.Z.Y.
M-G-M's true-to-life drama
Same world. Different planet.
Thick Thieves. Thin Ice.
18 kids, one house, no way.
He didn't resist temptation. He pursued it.
Out of the gun smoke into her heart!
A stunning portrait in psycho-terror!
Seduction. Sex. Scandal.
He's never been more shocking! shocking! shocking!
To break the driver, the cop was willing to break the law.
Passion Temptation Obsession
A Motion Picture For Ever...
Flashing...smashing SCREEN ENTERTAINMENT! DAZZLING IN ITS BEAUTY...PACKED WITH GLORIOUS Melodies!
Lorna Maitland - a wanton of unparalleled emotion... unrestrained earthiness... destined to set a new standard of voluptuous beauty.
Is anything worth the terror of ... The Deep.
Woe to him who seeks to please rather than appall
Secrets of a doctor as told by a doctor!
In 1956, two worlds collided, beginning a journey beyond fear, beyond violence, beyond forgiveness.
HE'S A SPY FOR BOTH SIDES!
From the most unexpected place, come a  new call for peace.
Get a little action.
Evil Has Reigned For 100 Years...
The eighth wonder of the world.
My world is as forbidden as it is fragile; without its mysteries, it cannot survive.
Feel The Love
the promise
From her lips there is no escape!
Too much is never enough.
YOUR NEXT STOP... IS HELL.
Sworn to Fun... Loyal to None!!
A hitman and a salesman walk into a bar...
Timing is everything.
Death comes to all except those who deserve it most.
Nobody's as good as Bette when she's bad!
It's a ph-f-f-frolic about man and mate from moonlight to mayhem!
The Toughest Cop Has The Guts To Take On
She's 32. She drinks too much. She hustles pool. She's got a 10-year old mulatto son. She's got a different boyfriend every night. She's in trouble. And he's in love.
A STORY OF UNDYING FAITH!
Nobody is beyond redemption.
You'll fall in love with...
Matt Helm rides again! ...with the Ambushers on his back, and some fun on the side!
Lee Van Cleef has been dirty, "ugly" and downright mean... now watch him get violent.
The world was watching in 1972 as 11 Israeli athletes were murdered at the Munich Olympics. This is the story of what happened next.
Life is a Journey. Bring an Open Mind.
Based on a true rumor.
Same Big Family... Even Bigger Adventure.
Giving big businesses a run for their money!
Make it special
He won every woman's heart. She won his.
Got dumped?
All they want to do is... Do it!!!
Some family secrets are best kept...buried.
It's been six months. Time for your check-up!
1935's most beloved motion picture!
Welcome to Fear 101. There will be a test.
Once discovered, it was changed forever.
A love story that transcends time and space.
It's the fun show that's the one show to see!
From H. Rider Haggard's weird, wondrous story of the beautiful woman who bathed in flame and lived 500 years .. at last to find her first love at this very hour!
French Goings-On in the Heart of London.
The Thundering Crusaders of the White Cockade!
Bolt the doors!  Lock the windows!
No one ever said it was easy being a child.
A many splendored thing.
All she wanted was a peaceful life... they didn't give it.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
MGM's drama of the fighting French!
The worlds most beautiful bank-robber
Not every serial killer fits the profile.
Welcome to District B13. Welcome to the future
Revenge never tasted so sweet.
Welcome To Your Worst Nightmare
A movie that proves you're never too old to come of age.
Fighting countries can still love...
The incredible story of the team that changed the game forever.
She always thought she was somebody special... and she was.
Armed And Dangerously Dumb.
How far would you go for true love?
My God. Brother, what have you done?
A Bewitching New Live-Action Movie!
Roaring Down the World's Deadliest Roads!
She planned on her husband's death. But not on his coming back for revenge.
HEAR AND SEE 100 JUBILEE SINGERS!
Rip-roaring adventure on the old China Coast.
HOW COULD THIS WOMAN WIN A MAN'S LOVE...HIS KISSES...HIS EMBRACES...?
Nothing's as big as your first love.
A few years ago in Dunwich a half-witted girl bore illegitimate twins. One of them was almost human!
Evil. Deadly. Immortal.
A star at 15. A has-been at 17. Who says?
A gigantic bat emerges from a volcano to terrorize Japan and only one thing can stop it...Gamera!
Nobody listened. Nobody cared. Until the night they went "Over the Edge"
The children of the sky
In a fight against crime, her mind is their most valuable weapon.
The story of a dream come true and the struggle to keep that dream alive.
The true story of a young woman who did what few in Nazi Germany dared even think!
Timely! Tremendous! Thrilling! Drama of Love and a Jail-Break!
Being BAD never looked so GOOD!
Trevor is an angry young man.
Because everyone loves an accurate period piece.
They found a love they dared not touch!
Everybody gets a second chance.
So provocative the censors banned it. So powerful it came true.
How did one man turn all-American teens into cold-blooded killers?
50,000 Apply. 1,200 Are Accepted. Only The Best Survive
The momma of all comedies is back!!!
You'll Learn To Love Her. Warts And All.
Sara... She had to be remembered by every man she met. So she divided the calendar into twelve men and gave each a month and a key to her apartment. Charlie's month was November because he belonged to Sara as no one ever would again.
One of the living for one of the dead.
An orgy of looting and lust!
Run JULIE Run, Run For Your Life!
Everybody's goin' gay with --
A Fiery Girl Who Dares The Dangers Of The Sea And A Savage Land... Fighting For The Love Of A Bold Adventurer!
It's Shape Up or Ship Out for "Admiral Honey's" all girl navy!
The Most WONDERFUL Entertainment EVER! EVER!
You are cordially invited to enjoy a perfectly elegant case of murder!
The right spirit. The right attitude. The wrong color.
This Ride Will Be The Death Of You.
It's Judy! Lighting up the lonely stage!
A romantic comedy with a whole lot of drama.
Right scheme, wrong guys!
MR. and MRS. MINIVER together again
There goes the bride.
The Bride Came as Advertised...With an Unadvertised Special
Fury of the West's Most Lawless Feud!
Pardon His French.
Worlds of Magic, Mystery and Menace.
This firm will blow you away.
Get Carried Away With The Cutest Little Monkey Around!
Nothing Is More Dangerous Than A Man With Everything To Lose.
Whatever You Do, Don't Answer The Phone.
Revenge has a killer body.
One young man's incredible journey of self-discovery
The Truth Is Hiding Where No One Dares To Look.
Sometimes you go looking for something you want. . . and find what you need.
The Most Amazing Story Of Survival, Friendship, And Adventure Ever Told.
An Unprotected Comedy
Every bullet leaves a trail.
Things are about to get hairy.
The blood war is on.
Everything changed in the wink of an eye.
You are now infected.
For a New York cop and his witness, the distance between life and death just got very short.
When everything in life goes to pot.
Some Nightmares Haunt You. Some... Can Kill You.
When the darkness falls the dead will rise.
To leave the nest, some men just need a little push.
The Ice age is melting away.
They left for war as boys, never to return as men.
When you need somebody, anybody will do.
Raging Island... Raging Passions!
The Most Loved of All Love Stories!
Fated to love : Destined To Kill.
A visual and musical journey through time
You are invited to discover the secret...
Packed with Technicolor Thrills!
Passion and ambition drive two dreamers in 1930s LA. Their love affair is ferocious and hot-blooded as they fight the city and themselves to make their dreams come true.
People should not be afraid of their governments. Governments should be afraid of their people.
If you wanna chase your dream, sometimes you gotta break the rules.
Tobacco lobbyist Nick Naylor is trying to SAVE YOUR ASH!
It looked like the perfect bank robbery. But you can't judge a crime by its cover.
In this world... Redemption comes just once.
A Fish-Out-Of-Water Comedy.
Don't dare stare at the illustrated man.
This time... luck has nothing to do with it.
Welcome to Vegas... the odds are you won't leave alive!
One small step for man... one giant leap of terror.
Evil's in the house.
Everytime a woman turns her face away because she's tired or unwilling - there's someone waiting like me!
The lucky ones die first.
It's going to be a ruff day.
Inspector Clouseau's biggest mistake lives on!
Before the Fall of the Berlin Wall, East Germany's Secret Police Listened to Your Secrets.
He Thought He Knew the Risks of Going Undercover
A story of life and love in the actual Arctic.
It's not supposed to happen. So be there when it does.
We're getting strafed, shelled, bombed, and blasted. And it isn't even our damned war!
Never Follow
Wrong Time. Wrong Place. Wrong Number.
Return.
Changing the world... one word at a time.
Turn Off The Light And See What Happens.
You die in the game - you die for real.
Meet Col. Cody, Sitting Bull, and all the two-gun heroes of the plains, in the big show that astonished two continents ... a livid background for the flaming love of Annie Oakley!
Everything interesting begins in the mind
A detective story
From our world. To the world of the tales and the camp fires.
Censorship, uncensored.
A ghost story.
A New American Story
They were the best kids in the neighborhood ... until they decided it was time to fight back.
Horror Has A New Face
Get off the bench and get into the game.
Paris 2054. Live forever or die trying
HALF-MAN... HALF-WOLF... COMPELLED BY THE HIDEOUS CURSE OF HIS EVIL BIRTH TO DESTROY - EVEN THOSE WHO LOVED HIM!
Traitors, killers and lovers collide in London.
The Feel Good Event of the Year!
Not ONE WORD is spoken on the screen!
A terrifying love story.
A Psychoanalytic Thriller
The Filmmakers' Commemorative Edition
It's time to stand up for the little guys.
Bury the grudge. Burn the village.  See the saw.
Strangers shouldn't talk to little girls.
There are worse things than dying.
They are around us.
Radio Like You've Never Seen It Before
The Fix. The Gamble. The Betrayal. The Threat.
You're going to have the most turbo-charged, chrome-plated, plush-lined, high-gloss, super-speed customized time of your life.
In 141 years, there's never been a traitor in the Secret Service.... Until Now.
Run... right into her arms!
Start spreading the newspaper.
We've been expecting you.
Imagine a country where more people vote for a pop idol than they do for their next President.
A secret is not safe if the truth has a witness.
Men worshipped her like a goddess, only to be betrayed by a kiss!
How Far Would You Go To Save The Family Business?
The Tougher They Are - The Harder They Fall
Vengeance Knows No Mercy
The Mission Begins 05:05:06.
One Family. Eight Wheels. No brakes.
September 11, 2001. Four planes were hijacked. Three of them reached their target. This is the story of the fourth.
The world of competitive gymnastics is about to be turned on its head.
The most savage film in history!
Climaxing Warner Bros.' glittering parade of musicals!
Possession Knows No Bounds
Sometimes it's hard to find your way.
Taking back the neighborhood... One snack at a time.
Mayday
Seek the truth.
Take a Stand
. . . pick a side.
There are no ordinary moments.
Do You Know Who Your Kids Are?
Every family has its own language
A 13-year-old boy uses his upcoming bar mitzvah to reconcile the strained relationship between his father and grandfather.
Ahhh... it's got that new movie smell.
From South Central to Beverly Hills
Sometimes it's hard moving forward without first looking back.
He Rose Up On The Bodies He Left Behind
WAYNE PACKS A WALLOP...In Action...In Love!
Put them all together they spell M-U-R-D-E-R !
He must conquer evil on land and at sea!
The Giants Battle In The Biggest Spectacle Of Them All!
The Pin-Up Sensation That Shocked The Nation.
Where were *you* on that night?
When destiny leads, love follows.
Anything is possible
A new generation of terror
The devil made me do it.
He's not lean. He's not mean. He's nacho average hero.
How do you hold on to someone you've never met?
What If You Had A Remote... That Controlled Your Universe?
ROBBED OF THE WILL TO LOVE!
Meet Andy Sachs. A million girls would kill to have her job. She's not one of them.
Jack is back!
Two's company. Dupree's a crowd.
With No Power Comes No Responsibility
Time is running out for a happy ending.
Hell hath no fury like a superwoman scorned.
All about a little Mississippi riverboat gal who taught a sophisticated bachelor about love!
Deanna... on a Man (Oh! Man) Hunt !
A mad, sadistic scientist on the loose!
This summer. Evil gets raw.
Rumor. Scandal. Fame. Revolution.
Another Sizzling Murder Mystery by RAYMOND CHANDLER!
A lack of consumer confidence... or conspiracy?
By far the most terrifying film you will ever see.
They're yours... in a heart-walloping love story!
He took the job that no one wanted... and got the girl that everyone did.
There's More to Terror Than Meets The Eye
The Ultimate Head Trip
A woman made for love . . . but whose service to humanity became her destiny!
This School Rocks Like No Other!
Nature would test her strength. Fate would prove her courage
Love to live. Live to love.
Some desires are too dangerous to resist.
The family will never be the same.
He's Icin' & Slicin'
The story of the original Rolling Stone
The star teaming you'll never forget!
A story about having the courage to be what you are!
Here it is! The scandalous comedy of a scandal columnist who rose FROM A KEYHOLE TO A NATIONAL INSTITUTION
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself makes you fearless.
Some people work in mysterious ways.
On the streets of Tokyo, speed needs no translation...
The Ego has landed.
Murder. Scandal. Crime. No matter what he was shooting, "The Great Bernzini" never took sides, he only took pictures... Except once.
5 Great Stars in a Daring Drama of Love and Adventure !
She was a bashful bride! He walked in his sleep!
His son. His life. His freedom. He's taking them all back.
Close your eyes and picture the perfect world.
beaten, branded, brutalized, but never broken.
A classic tale of sex, revenge, and love
How far will we go in the name of security?
A documentary on the legendary singer-songwriter, with performances by those musicians he has influenced.
Every fear hides a wish.
One woman's story is about to climax.
A family on the verge of a breakdown
When you raise Hell...the Devil must be paid - in full!
The suspense is almost unbearable....
MURDER at any moment! SUSPENSE... in every step!!!
If You Want to be Understood...Listen
Sheriff Tawes walks the line between duty and desire, between law and violence, between honor and shame
Magic is just around the corner.
BABY, IT'S THE GREATEST!
The story of Abraham Lincoln that has NEVER been told!
He's just been dealt... a deadly hand.
It's a hilarious coast-to-coast, 180 mile-an-hour, go-for-broke, outrageous road race with the world's most expensive cars. And it's all just for glory and a gumball machine.
Betrayal. Loyalty. Collaboration. Resistance.
Big things come in small packages
ADVENTURE! ...With the sky as its canopy and Burma's
This is it Folks!
The Assassination Was Only The Beginning.
A square from Nebraska? An off-beatnik from Greenwich Village?  It just didn't figure ... that they would ... that they could ... that they did!
An adult look at a police detective
The House is . . . ALIVE!
French Director Bertrand Blier creates an intensely seductive story about beauty, sex and Love.
A True...ish Story
It is easier to kill a bureaucrat than to kill bureaucracy.
At 30,000 feet, snakes aren't the deadliest thing on this plane.
The perfect man. The perfect story. The perfect murder.
The story of a man who could only count to #1
Where History Comes To Life
The world saw evil that day. Two men saw something else.
Harold Crick isn't ready to go. Period.
No Law. No Rules. No Order.
Feeling Protected Is Very Seductive
In One Strange Night she met both LOVE ... and MURDER!
Don't Get Mad. Get Even.
The battle for the lawn is on.
Arthur Robison's Expressionist Thriller
Warner Bros. screen scoop of the year teaming Jimmie again with the girl he slapped all the way from obscurity to fame in "Public Enemy"
If you enjoyed Ladies in Lavender, you'll adore Mrs. Palfrey!!!
It's about the magic that makes a woman beautiful when she's wanted by a man!
There are a thousand ways to raise your adrenaline. Today, Chev Chelios will need every single one.
South Sea Adventure Calls
Stop running. Face the future.
When the system breaks down... someone is about to get rich.
You never know who's listening.
What happens in the barn stays in the barn
A souffle of a movie!
He lived a lie that led him from one disastrous love to another!
THE STRANGEST COVENANT BETWEEN GOD AND MAN EVER MADE!
No one's faster than Crazy Larry, except Dirty Mary!
A HECTIC ROMANCE TO BLOW THE FISES OUT ALONG MAZDA LANE
For one teacher and nine children, the lesson of the day is kill or be killed.
Every Second Chance Begins With a First Step
They're going to save the world... as long as they're home for dinner.
Shoot First Translate Later
It's the story of every girl who ever fell in love . . . More than once !
Secrets don't let go.
The squirrels made it seem less lonely.
M-G-M's terrific technicolor musical!
The stakes don't come much higher
Hollywood's Most Famous Bad Man Joins the
At Last on the Screen! The Musical Comedy Sensation!
Sometimes being young is the toughest job of all.
It's A Short Trip From The Penthouse To The Poorhouse.
When every college turned them down. . . they made one up.
Sex brought them together, now it could tear them apart.
Hill and Spencer! They're a pair of car-crashing, womanizing, rough-housing loudmouths... and they're the good guys!
Robert Gustafsson i en komedi om inbrott, avbrott och utbrott.
RELENTLESS SUSPENSE!
A classic of childish heartache, courage, and laughter!
Nothing Is What It Seems.
History's Boldest Lover . . . Most Daring Swordsman ! !
How's the State of the Union? It's GREAT!
... Amazing Drama of Desperate Men Behind the Walls!
Our Leaders. Ourselves.
Prepare for the ultimate chug of war.
Dreams are not lived on the sidelines
The funny season begins when you check in for a night at The Ritz.
One Wife Too Many
Mr. Laurel and Mr. Hardy decided to reorganize and resupervise their entire financial structure- so they took the $3.80 and went into business.
Murder... weapon or clue?
90 Minutes of Happiness and Hi-Jinks
Life's no walk in the park
Some sacrifices must be made
Isn't it time everyone hears your secrets?
An action movie with BjÌ¦rn Skifs made by Jonas Frick
"Just remember...A WOMAN'S BULLETS KILL AS QUICK AS A MAN'S!"
You can close your eyes. You can turn away. But you will never forget.
A Powerful Western Tale of Revenge and Redemption
A picture which will proudly lead all the entertainments the world has ever seen
Code Name D-Day June 6th 1944
The Company Is Making Cutbacks
Living in Hollywood can make you famous. Dying in Hollywood can make you a legend.
Only the power of Hell can help them.
Motion Pictures' Supreme Epic !
We all make choices. What's yours?
Men play the game. Women know the score.
No one makes it alone.
In the future, intelligence is extinct.
America is being born again.
A love-struck Italian poet is stuck in Iraq at the onset of an American invasion.
She's such a sweet girl. He's such a nice boy. They'll scare the hell out of you.
Death is the road to awe
Snoopy travels to see his sick former owner and then feels obliged to return to her permanently.
Close your eyes. Open your heart.
A story with all the fire and fury of its two great stars!
Evil never looked so good.
John Ford's epic of savage emotions !
stands alone! first as a book... now as a motion picture!
Inspired by the most notorious unsolved murder in California history.
Every high school has its secrets...
No matter where life takes you, always keep swinging.
One goal. A second chance.
Three stories. Three generations. Three men. One bizarre and shocking universe.
Is she woman ... or animal?
Every small town has a big story
HE GAVE HIS WIVES A PAIN IN THE NECK And did his necking with an axe. Henry, the Eighth Wonder of the World! And this picture...the wonder of all time!
No one can outrun their destiny.
In The Great Tradition Of Civil War Romance
Inspired by a true story
Guess who just made number two?
Some people will do anything to gain power. Some will do anything to keep it.
There are two sides to every love story.
Come to Kazakhstan, it's nice!
What happens when make-believe believes it's real?
GENGHIS KHAN! The world trembled at his name!
How Do You Decide Who Lives Or Who Dies?
One Fur All & All Fur One
Life's A Game. Learn How To Play.
A Heart-Stirring Drama of Peace-Time London!
Lies. Betrayal. Sacrifice. How far will you take it?
What you know about fear... doesn't even come close.
A slacker competes with a repeat winner for the "Employee of the Month" title at work
Rule the school. Save the world.
BEYOND CASABLANCA . . . Fate, in a Low-cut Gown, Lies in Wait for Bogart!
The Poet's Conception of Hell
The Good is the Evil in It
Ever have one of those lives?
A Cold Blooded Bandit and a Hot Blooded Blonde ... who stopped at Nothing!
Power Packed Picture!
The talent is real. And so are the tears... Sometimes.
What Was Once Trapped, Will Now Be Unleashed
Elections are made to be broken.
War is Fine But The Fight Continues
There's more to the story than you know
Feel The Touch Of Destiny
The untold story of the team that had America at its feet.
The Vivid Drama Of A Nation's Birth !
For the victims, there's no such thing as salvation.
Never give up. Never back down. Never lose faith.
The Comedy Successor to 'It Happened One Night'
Charming. Magnetic. Murderous.
Musician. Humanitarian. National Threat.
Open Your Mind. And Everything Else.
See how they run...
The future's a thing of the past.
Are You Watching Closely?
They fight for their country but they die for their friends.
A youthful, impulsive sexual encounter opens the door to a dark comedy about the complexities of honesty.
They stood together while their country fell apart
Tao minulle Sampo niin saat rakkaasi takaisin (Forge me the Sampo and you will get your loved one back)
Sometimes the only way to move forward is to go back.
Love Or Duty... An Assassin Must Choose
Suffering? You Haven't Seen Anything Yet...
The spark that ignites us, unites us.
Can you change your past without destroying your future?
The reckless lancers sweep on and on - so that a woman's heart might not be broken! You're not fighting a single legion - you're fighting the entire British army, Surat Khan!
Someone's Going Down
Based on the best-selling novel
Ultra Mod. Ultra Mad. Ultra Mystery.
His time at the North Pole is about to go South.
Two Brothers. One Weekend. No Shame.
Joe Cocker
Turbulent Adventure in the Great West!
The Most Unusual Story Ever Told!
Boldly going where no parents have gone before.
What Happens In Antarctica... Stays in Antarctica
Everything matures... eventually.
Freedom of speech is fine, as long as you don't do it in public.
It would make a cigar store Indian laugh ...
The past never dies. It kills.
Nothing is more dangerous than the truth.
The one word that brings all people together - and then sets them apart
What would you risk to make a difference?
Everyone has a past. Every legend has a beginning.
WARNING: May Cause Toe-Tapping.
Welcome to the slammer
If you think it's just a feeling, go back... and look again.
He saw wrong and tried to right it. He saw suffering and tried to heal it. He saw war and tried to stop it.
There glows the neighborhood
Sometimes in life you have to change lanes.
It's Christmas Eve and we are going to go celebrate being young and being alive.
Take A Ride To The Edge
Innocence has nowhere to hide
Friend. Neighbor. Killer.
Do you want lies with that?
ALL TALKING picture
MEN without WOMEN...MEN without HOPE! smash their lives to pieces against their STEEL CHAINS!
Sacrifice and Temptation
An epic quest. A magical guitar pick. A chance to put the D in Destiny.
THE HAPPENINGS OF ONE WONDERFUL NIGHT!
Never was a baby-sitter like this!
Too Mean to Forgive ... Too Mad to Forget!
Her child would change the world.
The Legend is Growing.
There are some places tourists should never go
It will cost you everything.
She gives you that WEIRD FEELING
SHE who must be obeyed! ...SHE who must be loved! ...SHE who must be possessed!
Even a criminal can serve his country
No plane, no parents, no problem!
Something unexpected, unbelievable, unforgettable.
As darkness falls, the last dragon will choose its rider.
It ain't over 'til it's over.
A love story.
More seductive than sex... More addictive than any drug... More precious than gold. And one man can get it for you. For a price.
Come to Shangri La!
The most fiendish plot ever conceived! The most amazing "human being" ever created! The most diabolical phantom--
On the cinema horizon...something new...something unusual...something wild!
Sometimes the greatest journey is the distance between two people.
From the ashes we rose.
Against all odds, a promise will be kept.
The untold story of the most powerful covert agency in the world.
One Dream Will Change Everything
What really happened on 9/11?
Ribaldry! Rakes and libertines. Raised skirts and lowered lashes. A blush on every cheek. Pasolini. Filming The Decameron. Bringing life to art...and art to life.
Their story. Their world. Their future.
An American Tragedy
A woman in trouble
His passion came with a price
History. It's just one bloody thing after another.
One woman's secret is another woman's power. One woman's fear is another woman's weapon. One woman's life is in another woman's hands....
You're Invited To Orville's "Coming-Out" Party...It'll Be A Scream...YOURS!!!
Left for dead. Burning for revenge
What fiendish fury turns man into monster?
They're the ultimate fighters. They've got the looks. They've got the moves, and the men fall at their feet.
Unspeakable secrets are hidden within the Forbidden City.
If war is Hell, then what comes after?
The battle of Iwo Jima seen through the eyes of the Japanese soldiers.
Sing out the news! It's a honey of a show!
This holiday season, the slay ride begins.
Fairy Tale Endings Aren't What They Used To Be
He will challenge their traditions. Their traditions will change his life.
The life of Beatrix Potter is the most enchanting tale of all.
Adventure awaits in your own backyard.
the most outrageous slice of pie!
ComÌ©die Drame
...they're Singing and Dancing in the Streets
Mighty as Goliath!
Nothing is more poisonous than the human heart.
The Great American Picture of Today!
Inspired by the true story of the most prolific serial killer in history.
One crime. 38 witnesses. No way back.
Never pick up strangers.
One life ends. Seven others begin.
BETTE DAVIS IN HER GREATEST OF ALL HER TRIUMPHS!
Love against the passage of TIME
Red doors bring good luck. The Wongs need all they can get.
Someone is watching ...
See It Now ! You'll Remember It Always !
Close your eyes, but keep your mind wide open.
No Gut... No Glory.
It's not what you eat, it's who you eat!
If only life were as easy as pie
The secret has traveled through centuries to reach you
Every fairy tale needs its hero.
Life is messy. Love is messier
Nobody gets away clean.
The hunt never tasted so sweet.
We know it's big. We measured.
There is evidence to suggest that children are highly susceptible to paranormal phenomena. They see what adults cannot. They believe what adults deny. And they are trying to warn us.
She's just your normal, overprotective, overbearing, over-the-top mother.
It started with revenge.
Have You Ever Made A Really Big Mistake?
The West‰Ûªs deadliest gunfighter! The world‰Ûªs most diabolical killer!
How Miami became the cocaine capital of the United States!
He's dying to become a chef.
What price would you pay for freedom?
The world never can be changed.
Fall in love with Paris 18 times.
the Adventure Continues...
They've turned into the things they hated most... each other.
Everything you heard about Myra Breckinridge is true.
On the street, the real trick is staying alive.
Her visions are beyond your worst fears...
The true story of World War II's forgotten heroes.
You'll never guess who just got out of jail...
Hell Is About To Be Unleashed
How one man betrayed the security of a nation.
Family Comes First
Share the music with someone you love.
First it takes hold of your mind...then it takes hold of your life.
In a time of crisis, America will call Reno 911!
To save his soul he must save hers.
A romantic comedy about a brother, a sister and the girl of their dreams.
When Andy met Edie, life imitated art.
Depraved. Decadent. Damned.
Before adulthood comes...
A slamdunk sequel that the family will love!
A beautiful body under water. A private eye in over his head.
Things in New York are about to go down the toilet...
Far and away the most startling and unexpected adventure film ever made!
Big cops. Small town. Moderate violence.
The slickest swingin'est con man who ever took the world for a ride!
A new, a strange, a gifted personality comes to the screen!
Evil has a beautiful face.
Woman alone the victims of strange, savage killer!
The World's Best-loved Musical: The Memory will Live Forever
If you can see the future, you can save it.
Can your first love also be your last?
The Story of Lost Boys of Sudan
Behind the song you love is a story you will never forget.
You are what THEY eat!
What kind of guys gamble with the boss's money, swipe a killer's Cadillac, and party on the mob's credit card?
High school was easy. But college is a whole different ANIMAL.
It was a simple $15 million art heist... until she walked into the picture.
There's more than one way to lose your life to a killer.
I'm the Angel of Death.
Sometimes they don't come back alone.
A lot can happen on the road to nowhere.
Dead Ahead
Welcome to the deep end of a very shallow town.
We are the first. USSR.
A beautiful woman is like a symphony. It can drive you crazy if you think someone else is scoring.
THE RAW UNTAMED ADVENTUROUS WEST...LIVES AGAIN!
Spartans, prepare for glory!
An intergalactic package from light years away unleashes an adventure beyond imagination.
She only dated men with money... until she met a man with a heart.
Monsters are real.
One man's struggle to the golden shore
Nothing personal. Just business
Most joyous hit lights up the screen!
Her own life is her greatest inspiration.
Two Worlds. One Journey.
The legendary samurai Sasuke Sarutobi tracks the spy Nojiri, while a mysterious figure named Sakon leads a band of men on their own quest for the wily Nojiri.
In marriage no one can hear you scream.
With a guitar and a snake skin jacket he drifted out of the rain...and into the lives of these two women...
It's not about revenge. It's about punishment.
The horror of being dead. The nightmare of still being alive.
Reality is only a nightmare away
You scream. You die.
Let in the unexpected.
Yesterday was about honor. Today is about justice.
Help isn't coming.
Under the surface of every life lies a mystery
Courage know no limit
A girl whose lovely hands were never meant to hold a gun!
To fight the enemy, she must become one of them.
It's a going away party. Have a killer time.
Large hand that does not tell a story is not receiving alms.
The Great Broadway Melodrama comes to flaming life on the screen!
The wrong path is often the best.
They were two of a kind ! ...and bound to meet, but neither of them knew what such a meeting would mean!
A comedy... to die for.
The Book They Said Could Never Be Filmed!
Whoever has the money has the power
Kick Some Ice.
New house. New family. What could possibly go wrong?
What Hath God Wrought?
Think your family's weird?
The history of American Punk Rock 1980-1986
If you're a kraut, he'll take you out!
Never Turn Your Back on the Past
The story of a temporary marriage
If the sun dies, so do we.
Enough laughs to make your head spin!
Never let the truth get in the way of a good story.
Is it a question... or an answer
You're a mean one, Mr. Grinch
Together, we can face the future...
How Far Would You Go To Keep A Secret?
The quieter the street, the darker the secrets....
Two Worlds, One War. The Ultimate Battle Begins.
All women take to men who have the appearance of wickedness
Please God, don't let him get caught.
Somewhere between the innocent girl and the not so innocent mistress is the bizarre, sensuous story of Tristana
A love triangle of operatic proportions.
The truth is just a trick of light.
Only MacKintosh can save them now - and MacKintosh is dead!
The Extraordinary Story of Edith Piaf
A love story with no expectations.
Every Killer Meets His Equal.
I shot my wife... prove it.
They wrote the book on how not to be criminals.
Love-Wrecked!
When you're looking for the living dead you start your search in hell!
Once you've checked in... The terror begins.
Get ready to fall
Three weddings. One happy couple.
When the Devil commands Karloff obeys...!
Disaster has a passport.
Do you know Grace Lee?
Life, death and something in between.
10 Will Fight, 9 Will Die. You Get To Watch.
The battle within.
Change your game. Change your life.
The truth will surface.
Once Man and Dragon were one. Man chose Land and Sea, Dragon chose Wind and Fire.
You Need a Friend, Strong Man, - And I'm Friendly!
You have the right to remain silent. Forever.
Has the world left you a stray?
Credit-grabbing, back-stabbing, wife-nabbing. Just another day at the office.
This is your brain on anime.
The true story of the unlikely champion that inspired a nation.
Where dreams become reality.
The second chapter in the epic fantasy trilogy
Run with the crowd, stand alone, you decide.
Fate can bring us together; so can sin!
Save the due date.
When you follow your own beat, the world will follow you.
The fighting men in Chinese opera house
When days turn to weeks... the horror returns.
In this family, attitude doesn't skip a generation.
In this war the wind doesn‰Ûªt blow‰Û_ It hurls.
Not since Don Quixote has Spain had so much fun!
An American Tragedy
In this town, there are no accidents.
THE STORY OF A DESPERATE GIRL!
"You can't outride death."
Who's ready for Thirds?
How often do you find the right person?
At the end of the world, the adventure begins.
First they send in their drone... Then they find their queen.
The man who has everything has everything to hide.
They didn't leave her alive. They left her UNDEAD.
Featuring the continuing adventures of Henry Fool.
The WEIRDEST Visitor the Earth has ever seen!
There's Someone For Everyone... Luckily Love Is Blind.
He has 88 minutes to solve a murder. His own.
Let the manhunt begin.
Sometimes love is hiding between the seconds of your life.
What are the odds of getting even? 13 to one.
They're already inside
Ten canoes, three wives, one hundred and fifty spears...trouble
Great battle of vibrant colors!
Get Ready for a Three-Way Monster Melee!
Century's End - the Greatest Battle Begins.
MYSTERY TERROR!
Who's in danger from whom? Who's crazy? Who can fathom the obscure motivations?
Anytime. Anywhere. He's watching.
Americans...they have no imagination.
BARBARA and FRED in 1940's first great love affair ...!
Could you hide a deadly secret?
A galactic adventure beyond your wildest dreams!
In the coldest place on Earth, he's the hottest thing around.
Discover the secret of the Surfer.
Small Town Girl. Big Time Adventure.
Good dead are hard to find
An Art Film
A crash course in revenge
Moon monsters launch attack against Earth! How can science meet the menace of astral assassins? New Science Fiction Thrills!
A true story of survival... declassified.
TONIGHT She'd leave the man she LOVED with all her SOUL...to MARRY the man she despised!
A place where dreams are cancelled.
It's Errol Flynn In His Greatest Role . . . A picture for every red-blooded son and daughter of the stars and stripes !
All Singing! All Dancing! All Marxist Musicals!
The No. 1 Song-and-Dance Clown at his best!
Adventures in upper middle class suburbia.
An education in love
Hungry for Adventure...Burning to Fight!
They'll have you rolling in your seats!
Don't Rock the boat‰Û_ Sink it.
Smile while you're makin' it. Laugh while you're takin' it. Even though you're fakin' it. Nobody's gonna know...
This might hurt a little.
Where does a woman's sympathy leave off -- and her indiscretion begin?
Alexandre Dumas' most amazing, adventurous epic
One woman dared to keep hope alive
The only demons in room 1408 are those within you.
From director Frank Oz comes the story of a family that puts the F U in funeral.
Tom Selleck takes you on a high adventure!
The old school cop is back!
First came love... then came Reverend Frank.
Her greatest secret was her greatest gift.
A comedy of biblical proportions
Their war. Our world.
When You Think The Worst Has Happened... Think Worse
Evil Must Be Confronted.
They're as straight as can be, but don't tell anyone.
The Sin-tillating Capers of Two Cunning Con Men who Fleeced the Sexiest Chicks on the Riviera...until each decided to become king of the mountain !
Wayne on wheels!
A two man force of destruction, set to destroy the illegal establishment.
If you ever get in this much trouble you'll wish you had a brother like Jackie Chan
A Knight in the Holy Land. A Woman in the Frozen North. A War that Kept Them Apart.
The Most Powerful Weapon is Courage..
All you need is love.
It's good to be bad!
First love is beautiful hurt....if it happens to you once, you're lucky.
...It's No Fairy Tale
Set in the spectacle of mystic India with its glittering mosques, oirental palaces, weird music, bronzed nautch dancers
Man's best friend makes the worst accomplice.
Before you fall in love, you need to love yourself.
Smack destiny in the face.
This Summer A Star Falls. The Chase Begins.
New misdeeds are afoot afoot the footlights!
For them to live, we must die.
See our family. And feel better about yours.
There are two sides to every crime.
Life isn't always made to order.
ONE NATION...UNDER DOG
Popularity is a state of mind.
Based on the true story of the King of Salsa, Hector Lavoe
Remember everything. Forgive nothing.
It takes a lifetime to learn the meaning of friendship... FranÌ¤ois has 10 days.
Professional alcoholic hit man gets life back on track thanks to her
Death Is Only The Beginning
"Usually I pay the workers all together about one dollar for a pair of jeans."
Eight years ago Alex's wife was murdered. Today she emailed him.
They fall asleep in class. Throw ink on each other. Never come in Mondays. And they're just the teachers.
Evil does not die‰Û_ It waits to be re-born!
Come and Get Some!
The story of a perfect boy who had the perfect plan.
Move Over Jason, Look Out Freddie. HEEERE'S RONNIE!
Heroes, cowards, fighters, braggarts, liars... and what goes on in their hearts!
The Rush Is On!
The end of an empire...the beginning of a legend.
Yum's the word...Welcome to the Sin-Bin!
A huge comedy with tiny balls.
Freshman year is no fairytale
How do you stop an enemy who isn't afraid to die?
There Are Worse Things Than Dying
Life is easier done than said.
The summer is going to be in tents.
Do not trust anyone. Do not show emotion. Do not fall asleep.
Vengeance is the ultimate weapon.
A comedy about life at the top, as seen from the bottom.
Evil. Unmasked.
Protect what's yours.
He knew Paris was for lovers, he just didn't think they were all hers.
Grahma Greene's Shocking Thriller of the RAZOR GANGS!
Keoma means freedom
He sells death to the highest bidder! Buy or die!
Don't get chumpatized
Freddy, Jason, Michael. We All Need Someone To Look Up To.
They want to put a baby in you.
Y9u never kn9w when y9ur number is up.
She's One Mean Mother-in-Law!
Love might be closer than you think.
Dreaming is believing.
What defies Expectations leads to the Unpredictable
Humanity's last hope... Rests on a high power machine gun.
Time waits for one man.
Just another family man making a living.
If He'd meant the commandments literally, He'd have written them in stone.
Silent Bob Speaks
An earthy drama of human passions among women rice workers in the Po Valley.
Every family tree has its nuts.
Torn apart by betrayal. Separated by war. Bound by love.
The truth is relative.
She claimed she was possessed. There was no way to know for sure.
At what moment do we begin to live?
The American Occupation of Iraq. The Inside Story From the Ultimate Insiders.
Her romance with three men becomes a bold adventure
How many wrongs to make it right?
Sometimes finding the truth is easier than facing it.
A Generation Awakens
Find Yourself. In Love.
After that summer nothing would be the same.
How can they find the world's most wanted war criminal when the C.I.A. can't? [by actually looking]
Every sin leaves a mark.
A Hot Summer, A Broken Promise, A Tragic Comedy Love Story.
Not made to be broken
Living only for today ‰ÛÓ for pleasure. A killer who gets what he wants ‰ÛÓ including death.
A comedy that proves love is blind.
A journalist and a starlet take on media, truth and celebrity.
To live a life of his own, he has to die first.
For six strangers in search of love, the City of Lights can be a very lonely place.
Tokyo Post-War Underworld!
The Extinction Is Coming...
Letting Go of Your Past Is Hard... Especially When It's Dating Your Mom.
He has to break his curse before she breaks his heart.
Into the heart. Into the soul.
Half his size, twice the trouble ... and she's moving in.
A story for anyone with an appetite for love.
Some comedies go too far... others start there.
He waited all his life to get married. Too bad he didn't wait another week.
Something's happening to Dan. It's confusing. It's awkward. It's family.
Two brothers on opposite sides of the law. Beyond their differences lies loyalty.
Woman. Warrior. Queen.
The truth can be adjusted
Obey the rules.
The search for true love begins outside the box.
They're Coming!
What if someone you love...just disappeared?
Hope comes with letting go.
Everyone wants the truth... until they find it.
Keep your eye on the ball.
Eat. Sleep. Therapy. Repeat.
You can't pick your parents.
Prepare To Be Stitched Up!
Let the revenge fit the crime
Beyond the myth lies America's greatest betrayal
A guy who had nothing to sell but guts!
Would you trust the nanny . . . or the boy?
The Intersection Where Family, Honor and Betrayal Collide.
Reed Fish's life turns into chaos when a high school crush returns on the eve of his marriage to the small town's sweetheart.
How Do You Want To Be Remembered?
You don't have to know the books to be in the club
There will be no excuses. The guilty will be punished. No one is above OUTLAW.
What if mankind only had one season left on Earth?
Come Back, or I Shall Die...
MARY, QUEEN OF SCOTS, who ruled with the heart of a woman.
LOVELY is the Word! DEANNA in TECHNICOLOR for the First Thrilling Time! with the Miracle Melodies of JEROME KERN!
There are over 40 million sheep in New Zealand, and they're pissed off!
Because we complete each other's sentences.
You think it is over...but the games have just begun
His mom is dating his suspect. Let the surveillance begin.
The film they tried to ban! A brutal story of today.
Jack London's great novel of terror afloat.
It could happen to so many married women!
On the streets of Rio only the elite survive
You've got to believe in treasure to find it.
doesn't matter where you come from, as long as you find where you belong!
At 30,000 feet, there's no where to run.
The dead shall have their day.
They can seduce anyone... Prey it isn't you!
A romantic comedy for all seasons.
There are two sides to the American dream
Born to bee wild.
No one was supposed to get hurt.
Let your imagination set you free
There are no clean getaways.
You name it, we shoot it.
Every generation needs a new revolution
An incredible journey moving at the speed of sound
The End Of The Vengeance Trail
A reign of violence sweeps the screen
From one of the acclaimed writers of Star Trek and The Twilight Zone comes a story that transcends both time and space...
The Toughest Hellfighter Of All!
If you don't STAND for something, you might FALL for anything.
Everybody has that one relative who can't help but cause problems over the holidays. Even Santa.
Evil breeds pain.
You have to believe it to see it.
How long would you wait for love?
Have a nice apocalypse.
The Crime That Shocked The Nation!
Welcome to the future. It's a no-brainer.
5 Witches. 5 Powers. One Evil.
Six Stories. One Hope.
High. How are you?
Sex makes us men and women. Or both things.
It's the REAL Korean Story!
Belief divides them, mystery surrounds them, but fear changes everything.
This fairytale princess is about to meet a real Prince Charming
Assassin 47
You can't exchange family.
For some dreams, one lifetime is not enough
Every year, one in 700 people wake up during surgery.
There are worlds beyond our own - the compass will show the way.
The last man on Earth is not alone
Get your squeak on!
Just when you thought it was safe to watch something else!
One family. Infinite degrees of separation.
All I Can Do Is Be Me Whoever That Is
Some men are meant to stand between good and evil.
He Tamed Their Wild Hearts With His Courage and Won Them With His Love
Evil Awaits.
A tale of love.  A story of horror.
The Year's Most Exciting Team of Screen Lovers !
A comedy about growing up... and the bumps along the way.
How do you say goodbye to someone you can't imagine living without?
Have your life and eat it too.
What would you do for a good night's sleep?
He came. He partied. He killed.
How can you save someone, who won't save herself?
A witness to evil. A force for peace. An unbelievable true story.
A comedy about life, love... and escaping your shrink.
It takes courage to walk in the truth.
Never believe anything until it is officially denied
Find the joy.
They lived in the Shadow of Death!
There is a way to be good again.
The Biography of the Woman Boss of Bad Girls...
Allegro dwells on the romantic world in which character flaws and personal mistakes alter one's universe.
Live everyday like it's your last.
Peace and love are only half the story.
A True Love Story
Lives will be broken
Life doesn't come with a roadmap.
Every Family Has Its Secrets.
There are some relationships so taboo they're irresistible.
Life is a trip, but the afterlife is one hell of a ride
The only thing more shocking than her crime was his crusade to free her
Life is about keeping your head above water.
Never Forget. Never Forgive.
The Greatest Adventure History Has Ever Revealed
There Will Be Greed. There Will Be Vengeance.
Based on a true story. You think we could make all this up?
The gold or the grave. The young widow could lead them to either.
The Last Place On Earth We Want To Be Is In The Middle
Life made him tough. Love made him strong. Music made him hard.
Pledging Has Never Been This Hilarious.
He's a cop accused of murder. And the only man who knows he's innocent is the killer who framed him.
The puck stops here.
When the nation was in need, he inspired them to give us hope.
With each moment we write our story
How Do You Keep A Secret This Big?
Fear gets you killed. Anger keeps you alive.
His life ended. Now, a new one will begin.
She's about to find the perfect fit.
3D THRILL! Fuel for the human bonfire!
A Much Married Woman Who Drifts From Husband to Husband!
Family is Family
The day after tomorrow has arrived
You think you have dating problems...
Every child is special
They've made our world their battleground
One witness. One camera
Nobody does revenge like a woman.
Remember the way Hitchcock kept you on the edge of your seat...?
Rise and fight
Some Thing Has Found Us
Each year, more than 1,000,000 people are trafficked across international borders... against their will.
Who was she? Sometimes she was a child skipping rope. Sometimes she was a woman with a passionate hunger. And one day the woman and the child came together...
Stay out of the swamp.
Small-town girl. Big-time dreams.
City of the One Night Stands.
When life becomes a second language
He seemed like such a nice guy.. He pretty much kept to himself...
...TOO BIG FOR HOLLYWOOD...it was dramatized in the heart of Mexico, with a cast of thousands!
HE ROSE FROM THE DEAD...TO HAUNT THE LIVING!!!
They made their own laws at "The Cheyenne Social Club" ... no wonder everyone's dying to get in!
Inhibition is the enemy...
The kinkiest caper of the year!
What will it sound like when you die?
Keep the faith. Steal the rest.
A cyber killer has finally found the perfect accomplice: You.
Heroes never die... They just reload.
The Bigger the Hit, The Harder They Fall
How can you believe your eyes when they're not yours?
This ain't March of the Penguins.
She's passed on... But she's not moving on.
This is not a test.
Saving the world is a hell of a job.
The Kind of Picture the British Have a Way With...Things Like Very Merry Murders...Very Unusual Characters...Very Sly Sex...And All Combined in an Uproar of Laughs and Suspense
First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes therapy.
Shoot first. Sightsee later.
Look What They Call a Quiet Week in Rio!
Partition on a strange madness!
Based on the Shocking True Story
Romance Lives On ... In The Glory Of Dumas' Immortal Novel !
Marrying a complete stranger is a life sentence.
Jack Caine. Houston cop. Human. What he's up against, isn't.
Every rose has its thorns.
God is dead. Hell still exists.
In this hospital your next visit may be your last.
A visually stylish tale of two male prisoners bonded by emotion, love and murder.
The family that eats together stays together.
Roscoe Jenkins aims for the heartstrings and funny bones, a raucous helping of family soul food.
This February True Love Takes a Dive.
Sometimes there's a terrible penalty for telling the truth.
Hear See Experience
You'll Never Forget...In Which We Serve
Out of Place in the Middle of Nowhere.
A film of intense perversity - the madness of the mind.
anywhere is possible.
Three relationships. Three disasters. One last chance.
BIG AS THE HEART OF HUMANITY!
The question is not whether we will die, but how we will live.
8 Strangers, 8 points of view.  1 Truth.
Their World Is Closer Than You Think.
It's not where you're from. It's where you're at.
The master mind of gangdom gets a change of heart!
Love that resides in one place at two different times.
You bet ~ IT'S FUNNY a movietone laugh riot
They're coming to make you a star!
Protecting America's assets.
Two sisters divided for the love of a king.
Putting the funk into the dunk.
Love. Commitment. Responsibility. There's nothing he won't run away from.
In 2002, a young cap driver picked up a few passengers near his home in Afghanistan... He never returned
The true story of a small town massacre
When HR goes too far.
A story about one fathers love and courage
The screen's most exciting lovers in their newest romantic triumph!
Bing hits the high notes! Joan hits the love notes! You'll hit a happy note... in this king-sized muscial wonder!
The legend. The battle. The first hero.
Mankind has an expiration date.
A persons a person no matter how small!
Let the games begin...
Greatness comes to those who take it.
The war stole everything, except their music.
His Karma is Huge
Where will you be when the end begins?
A fairytale like no other.
CAUGHT IN THE BLACK SPELL OF TERROR!
Torkel is an average teenager whose life takes a turn for the worse when a girl who had a crush on him kills herself and an unknown maniac starts stalking him.
Life Stings
We stand, today, on the edge of a new frontier...
What happens when your first love is love itself?
Admit nothing.
There is no such thing as a no fault death.
How fast must a man go to get from where he's at?
She's to die for.
Every Woman Will Have Her Day
Some will fall. Some will fly.
ONE OF YOUR ALL-TIME MUSICAL HIGHS!
If you fuck with the bull, you get the horn!
A drug dealer. An addict. A runaway. The story of 3 girls.
Why So Serious?
As Great - As Human - As 'State Fair'
Scotland's most notorious public enemies
Do you really want to know your parents?
It's always darkest before dawn.
Some Guys Don't Know Their Destiny Till It Hits Them In The Face.
Win or lose... Everyone has their fight.
It's out of this world.
You get what you pay for
Evil never sleeps
The love between a mother and a son knows no Boundraries.
More fun than games!
They proved the Vegas Blackjack System was beatable...by beating the hell out of it.
Sometimes the smartest people have the most to learn
1940's England. When the world needed a hero, he gave them what they wanted. But history can be cruel.
Rise Above.
Welcome To Mexico
If Love Is a Game, Who'll Make the First Pass?
Assembly
The bravest place to stand is by each other's side.
A master director shining his light on the best rock band on the planet.
A city without a voice...
Terror comes calling.
Your adventure starts here.
Terror has evolved.
You lose some, you get some.
The greatest Superhero movie of all time! (not counting all the others)
Their city. Their rules. No prisoners.
Connection is everything.
This time they're running from the joint.
Go!
Far From Grace
Can you ever control another person's sexuality?
He came to New York to meet John Lennon... and the world changed forever.
Webster and Laura took everything they wanted ... each other ... and a diamond worth $6.000.000.
The battle for eternity is the fantasy of a lifetime.
Your life can change in an instant. That instant can last forever.
Write it. Live it. But try not to be it.
Anything Can Happen When You're In ... Virgin Territory
Heaven help us.
You can't kill what's already dead!
Make Believe. Not War.
A Reign Of HORROR... a man-made monster on the loose!
Delving into new, strange fields of mystery!
The super shocker !
They protect us from the enemy, but who protects us from them?
It's New! It's amazing! 2 years to produce!
Super Story of a Super Man ! The Titan of all Tarzans . . . Giant of all jungle thrills . . . worth the years it took to make !
The Greatest Tarzan Is Back!
You never saw anything like it!
A BANDIT WHO BECAME A LEGEND! Roaring Story of Mexico's Tiger on a White Horse!
Todd just lost his job. Now he has to find his life.
When you're in this world, no one is who they seem, and everyone is playing the game.
Would you put your eggs...in this basket?
Everybody deserves their shot.
Big science has expelled smart new ideas from the classroom...What they forgot is that every generation has its Rebel!
A Night To Die For.
Heroes aren't born. They're built.
He'll do anything to get the groom out of the picture.
There's always a way out. You just have to find it.
In Italian a good man is a piece of bread.
They took his daughter.  He'll take their lives.
A little blessing in disguise.
The lines have been drawn. The battle has been waged. Only one thing can save us...
Date at your own risk.
A comedy about someone you know.
The true story of a child's punishment that became a woman's crime.
Get Lucky
The Most Outrageous Slice of Pie!
One person can change your life forever
Terror! Vice! Violence! He stopped at nothing!
Damning Documentary Indicts German Civilians in Slaughter of Jews during WWII
Ceci m' est pas une pipe
Hope has a new face.
It never lets you go!
No one believed in them. Except him.
Home is where you least expect to find it
You're Never Too Old To Rock.
When it comes to war... America means business
In this town, murder became the neighborhood game.
You Are What You Eat.
The adventure continues . . .
...and 10 easy tips to get away with it.
Sometimes to fit in you need to stand out
Violence boiled in the wake of the quiet American!
Watch what happens to the women... watch the west explode!
The more things change, the more we're not the same
Chevalier! Captivating all the world with laughter and love!
Exploring the Issue that Divides the World
There is no way of finding a single absolute truth
The most terrifying images are the ones that are real.
A comedy about the fine art of losing.
Get carried away.
Lock the door. Pretend you're safe.
Truth is more shocking than fiction.
Is it still cheating if everyone's doing it?
Everyone is dying to be with her. Someone is killing for it.
Prepare for awesomeness.
Only a woman's heart could reach out for such a man!
All they need is . . . 100 RIFLES
Adventure on the dangerous waters of the Orient!
What Chato's land doesn't kill, Chato will.
Bronson and Mason play a high stakes game of cat and mouse . . . and only one man can walk away the winner
You are crouched in a basement stairway opposite a theatre in Chicago. Keep your eyes on that FBI man across the street. He has set the trap for deadly public enemy, John Dillinger...
The Further Adventures of "The Three Musketeers"!
He's clean. He's mean. He's the go-between.
Villa rages! Villa lusts! Villa kills! VILLA RIDES!
THE SKY IS THE LIMIT for Fun, Thrills, Excitement!
"SOME WIVES CHEAT BECAUSE THEIR HUSBANDS DO...AND SOME BECAUSE THEY'RE JUST NO GOOD!"
It's a bad day to be human.
Lather. Rinse. Save the world.
Two guys. One job. No rules.
Between every father and his son there is a story to be told.
Two Destinies Are About To Collide.
Not to be confused with the original ‰ÛÏFlash Gordon‰Û.
They'll do anything to stop Telefon. The operation that can trigger 51 human time bombs.
In the middle of the twentieth century, you fall off the brink of time!
Now, New York has a new weapon - A cop with his own way of fighting crime.
Wherever you've been ... Whatever you've seen ... You've never run into anything like Warlock.
This man will bring order to the universe...or not.
He's Back...and It's About Time!
We've Sensed It. We've Seen The Signs. Now... It's Happening.
You'll like him when he's angry.
War made them orphans, one man made them legends
An adventure beyond the ordinar-E.
Choose your destiny.
Bad Behavior. Bad Attitude. Real Hero.
Sex pays. Love costs.
She loved one man ... enough to KILL to get him!
The Greatest Of All American Adventure Stories.
Saving The World...And Loving It!
Coming Together Has Never Been So Complicated.
Reject normal.
Imagine The World Without Our Masterpieces
Taking higher education to a new low.
Love was her precious loot!
All-New Feature-Length Adventure!
It was a peaceful mountain retreat until IT came home...
No man should die alone
Lon Chaney in a great Scotland Yard Mystery
Welcome to scenic Atoka County. Pop 10,000. Cross burnings. Rape. Murder. Arson. Its a great place to live‰Û_ if THEY let you.
The two most memorable characters the West can never forget!
A Son's Courage. A Father's Love.
When it comes to screwing up their lives, some people don't know when to cry uncle.
Kit Kittredge, a resourceful young girl, helps her mother run a boardinghouse after her father loses his job.
Being famous isn't all it's cracked up to be.
IT'S THE WEST AT ITS BEST! WITH ROOTIN'...TOOTIN'...SHOOTIN' COOPER!
Seas Ablaze...with black villainy, with fiery romance, with breathless deeds of daring...in the roaring era of Love, Gold and Adventure!
1,500 miles of heroism and incredible adventure!
Off the map, things get strange.
‰Û_love that burns fast but lasts forever‰Û_
In deep space, there is no rescue.
Live Dead Nudes
There are many ways to see the same story
Take a trip down the aisle you'll never forget
Every family has a black sheep. This one is blue.
This Better Be Some Saturday Night!
A past to forget - a future to find
How Fast Can You Swim?
How can you find yourself if no one can see you?
Every year he rises from the pumpkin patch...
Two Undercover Agents Unwittingly Stalk the Same Target.
Same Planet. Different World.
There's a Whole Other World Going on Inside of Him.
It's Payback Time!
There is no escape.
What do you do when wrong feels right?
Some doors should never be opened.
The battle of wits begins. Whose side are you on?
That joyful hit of the stage is the big, bright delight of the screen !
The road less traveled is about to get some company.
Taut! Torrid! Tremendous! T Is for Terror!
Experience a movie that will make you believe anyone can change the world.
You can't escape your lies.
Houston, we have a problem!
History may never repeat itself again.
Justice is coming to all of us.  No matter what we do.
Are you ready to play?
the power of love and the ability of humankind to rise above unimaginable suffering
Two families. One feud. No going back.
An unforgettable experience in suspense!  ... as seconds tick off a timetable ... for murder!
No rule. No hope. No way out.
They grow up so fast.
Every temptation has its price.
To find the truth, you must believe.
Remember high school? It's gotten worse.
1974. 1350 feet up. The artistic crime of the century.
Return to the sea September 19
This holiday expect the unexpected
No body is safe.
Schoolgirls by day... Call girls by night...
Something's Missing...
The only thing more dangerous than war... is love.
Losing everything is just a beginning
A New Evil Awakens.
One ordinary guy is giving the candidates a reason to run.
The most terrifying ride you'll ever take
Based on a true story of love, victory, and fermentation
Life is the ultimate work of art
Get Ready... to Rage Against Evil.
Power without perception is spiritually useless, and therefore of no true value.
Everything passes away, but I wish I could remember my love forever.
Everyone loves a good scandal
Put this in your pipe and smoke it.
The future will be decided.
Go ahead - laugh!
Would you kill the one you love to save yourself from death?
Some friends just fit together.
The rebellion against all there is
Cliques don't mix in '76.
Hail Caesar Godfather of Harlem!
The movie they think they're making... isn't a movie anymore.
Changing his attitude will take a miracle.
Welcome to the 23rd century.  The new dark ages.
13 Challenges. $100 Million. How Far Would You Go?
Eli is 12 years old. She‰Ûªs been 12 for over 200 years and she just moved in next door.
One high school drama teacher is about to make a huge number 2.
Get ready for a killer race.
For the girls of ZETA house college life was no party, until Shelley showed up.
Opportunity rocks.
There is evil...On the other side.
One man's love is another man's lust.
First ever animated movie created for 3D
Hollywood Blacklisted Him ... But He Had The Last Word.
We're here. We're dead. Get used to it!
Consumption is evolution.
Intelligence is relative.
Your favorite movies are going to be destroyed.
Kill or be Killed.
The truth is complicated.
It's not about a hurricane. It's about America.
America's Finest News Source.
Forget all the suspense you have ever seen! Forget all the excitement you have ever known!
What you see does not exist. What you cannot see is truth.
I'm gonna kill you all kinds of dead.
Join or Die
ON THE SCREEN AT LAST! The Picture you've waited eight years to see...Picturized by the men who gave you "GRAPES OF WRATH"
The ever popular war games. With songs, battles & a few jokes
Their passion has marked them for life
His greatest role!
There's only one way out.
To keep their sanity in an insane war, they had to be crazy.
A 15-year-old boy unearths a shocking family secret.
They made it personal... He'll make them pay.
They were promised a new life in the lucky country.
M-G-M's NEW Adventure!
If They Fly, You Die...
If your life is not the color you like... Change it!
They will find you.
Most people respect the badge. Everybody respects the gun.
What Could Be Safer Than Living Next to a Cop?
He sees dead people... and they annoy him.
Passion..Revenge...Eternity.
Where you love. Where you betray
You May LOVE It! You May HATE It! But You'll Not FORGET It!
Cheryl is a lovely girl... but to George, she's a living doll.
Above all... It's a love story.
Welcome to the Lost Coast
Her husband is dead and he's taking the news badly...
Every year troubled teens are sent away to change their lives. On this island they must fight to save them.
An aging widower arranges a marriage for his only daughter.
Welcome to the dark side of the moon.
Feelings get you killed.
Hell hath no fury like the dead
Big Brother is Watching.
Don't walk. Run.
He's across the pond, and out of his depth.
A black and bloody Irish comedy
It's never too late for a second chance
An electrifying adult experience... from the sensational play by John Osborne that shocked the world!
Every night has a soundtrack.
You Keep the Faith...Marjoe Keeps the Money
They did not finish to be alive...
They should have told the truth.
A documentary about Soulwax
Based on the incredible true story.
Evil Returns
Accused of a crime he didn't commit.  Obsessed with a woman he couldn't possess.
Trust no one. Deceive everyone.
Escape is the only option
The First Submarine Photoplay Ever Filmed
When a Man Has Lost Everything. He Only has Revenge
What would you do to get out of debt?
A life misunderestimated.
It's funny what love can make you do...
Sabata Aims to Kill
Laughs To Make Your Heart Ring Out With Joy !
Harper days are here again...
Bring Your Girlfriends, Sisters, Mothers and Daughters.
Corporations have time, money, and power on their side. All Bob Kearns had was the truth.
Laugh like you're country depends on it.
Evil is something that you learn
Georgia Nicholson is not mental, but her life is.
Someone‰Ûªs on the shonk
Business is like family. Keep your affairs in order.
An All-New Holiday Movie About Santa And His Little Helpers
Contain The Truth.
An apocalyptic Alice in Wonderland!
Never grow old. Never die. Never know fear again.
Truth. Honor. Loyalty. Family. What are you willing to sacrifice?
He changed our country... one yard at a time.
A story of sex, thugs and rock 'n roll.
The most daring pair danger ever designed!
From the most startling novel of our decade !
All-New Feature-Length Quest
Follow a new yellow brick road.
Thrills! Adventure! Laughs!
Still together. Still lost!
The Highest Command
To find her son, she did what no one else dared.
In a moment the world changed forever.
What does it take to find a lost love? A. Money, B. Luck, C. Smarts, D. Destiny
For love, for hate, for justice, for revenge.
They're about to get more than they plea-bargained for.
The Foremost Western Thriller of the Greatest Western Star
IT'S THE COMICAL...RHYTHMICAL...ACTION MUSICAL EVERYBODY'S HEADIN' FOR!
Tokyo Is Burning
Cleanse Your Sins
The Biggest Fight of His Life!
Whatever happened to Snow White? Find out May 28th
GUNS SING! LAUGHS RING!
He Battled Two Empires For The Love Of One Woman.
Don't fit in, stand out.
John Crichton may not have started the war, but only he can end it.
You Won't Believe How It Ends
The dilemma. The reunion
In Space... They love to hear you scream
He's leaving virgin territory
They Messed With the Wrong Woman on the Wrong Night
50% Warrior. 50% Lover. 100% Chihuahua.
A second chance for a first love.
FANNY IS ALL THE LOVE STORIES OF THE WORLD ROLLED INTO ONE
INTENSELY DRAMATIC STUPENDOUS THRILLS
The most DANGEROUS game on earth!
They're back... and deadlier than ever!
When it's impossible... send in the Dozen.
John Ford's lusty successor to "Fort Apache" and "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon"
Once You're In, The Terror Begins.
The dynamics of a multicultural class and its teacher will enlighten.
B&W
It will get under your skin.
You've seen the story through the eyes of the law... Now see it through the eyes of The Manson Family
Welcome to Australia!
Fully Awesome. Ridonculous. Let It Begin.
DEAD MEN CAN'T DIE... but live to follow a mad-man's will!
Never Blend In.
When you can live forever, what do you live for?
You brought them into this world. Now ... They will take you out.
This time, the rules are the same. Except one.
His father, her mother, his mother and her father all in one day.
Lines may divide us, but hope will unite us.
Never Leave Your Partner Behind.
All men aren't created Evil.
An odyssey, in which the smallest gestures become epic and when the body is the last resource for protest.
Vengeance has a name
Lost for centuries...only one man can activate it!
Dough to Door delivery.
Based on a true story of K9 heroism & family loyalty
COMING AT YOU ... in a blast of terrific drama!
Glory, W.Va., 1935. It wasn't exactly a parade. It wasn't a time for celebration. It was a time to run for your life.
He's the ultimate killer, she's the perfect weapon.
JUDGE BILLY PRIEST...the only man who ever called Mallie Crump a Lady
12.12.08 is the Day the Earth Stood Still
The revolution made him a legend.
A revolutionary life.
Do you have what it takes to be a Citizen?
A Fight Prosecutor Smashes A Defiant Racket Empire!
It comes back at you again and again!
Ruthless Men And Ambitious Women...Clawing For Control Of A Billion Dollar Empire!!!
Greater than "The PHANTOM of the OPERA"
Robert Louis Stevenson's masterpiece of Terror !
There is no evidence. There are no witnesses. But for one, there is no doubt.
Is This Love Or Just Programming?
She came from the past to reclaim her lost love, but first he must die!
Ever come across somebody you shouldn't have messed with?
400 million people were waiting for the truth.
Behind the mystery lies a truth that will make you question everything you know.
Matt Helm Is Alive And Well And Swinging In Copenhagen--So Far!
Seven names. Seven strangers. One secret.
A Plastic Nightmare
Love. Pain. Glory.
The Ultimate Ghost Saga Continues
Dashing Thieves of Baghdad...riding out of the magic and splendor of Arabian Nights
The Only picture with a DINGLE!
DANGER SHADOWED EVERY STEP HE TOOK!
Life isn't measured in minutes, but in moments.
One Word Can Change Everything.
An erotic thriller that casts a wicked spell
Many saw evil. They dared to stop it.
A chain of short stories about their distance
Another Alien Invasion!
Love Hurts. Lust Kills.
The Place Is Exploding With Laughter !
Movie star Murdered. Killer on the Loose
Everything's dare
He may be a total disaster... but at least he's entertaining.
Whatever they dream up... he has to survive.
He knew about her past, but he didn't care.
Film is a dying art.
From the author of Fight Club
How do you break free without breaking apart?
The final episode in the saga of the Blackadder family, who have forever been at the very center of British history and society.
Five friends, one loft, one dead body
Keep your eyes on the prize.
New Girl. New School. New Rules.
Freedom begins with an act of defiance.
Heel the love.
She Treats Men the Way They've Been Treating Women for Years!
Which one is the first to return - memory or the murderer?
Welcome To A World Where Anything Is Possible.
The last of The Wildest Bunch shoots it out with a new breed of gunslinging glory-seekers.
...I used to be a plumber
Privacy is an illusion
Hilarious mixture of missiles and mirth!
Everyone must find their own magic
Watch the brothers stick it to the Klan!
On the long road, friendship is everything.
This time it's pets against wilds. Wiener takes all!
When it comes to love, is it ever too late to take a chance?
THE FURY OF VIOLENCE AND VENGEANCE ECHOES ACROSS THE TEXAS PLAINS!
The celebrated Kung Fu master of Bruce Lee.
He is the overlord of strange beasts and stolen souls‰Û_
Gun Against Gun For The Rule Of The Town!
The line between this world and the next is about to be crossed
Small Mouse. Big Dreams
May the best bride win
They'll be taking a few liberties with the rules.
He's gonna break your heart.
The place is the West Indies . . . the sun hides many things.
Six lives, six battles, one city.
A documentary by Frederick Wiseman
A trip back in time from the present to...
When danger strikes from above, either burns your soul or freeze you to death.
Every war has a beginning.
Every story ever written is just waiting to become real.
Blazing guns made history each day...and warm lips made memories at night...
Based on a true story.
Birds do it. Bees do it. Tonight see what happens when Nerds do it...
There's a fine line between friendship and betrayal.
Cheating death is only the beginning
It took an accident to make this man President of the United States. What they do to him now won't be an accident.
Safety Never Takes A Holiday.
The story of the man behind the legend.
Evil will do anything to live.
This party is going overboard
Hear The Music. Feel The Beat.
BREATHTAKING SUSPENSE - THRILLS!
Not Your Parent's Opera
Can you believe what you see?
Every day at a minute past midnight the sci-fi adventure begins... again.
To escape his past, he had to destroy it
It destroyed his world. He won't let it destroy ours.
LADD as you like him in an Action-Packed Adventure!
Is not just a war move.
Someone will kill this girl tonight!
You can't escape the curse.
A weekend by the lake, with views to die for.
An Irreverant History of the PC Industry
Be careful what you wish for.
Ride with the Living Dead!
The Army-McCarthy Hearings of 1954
Taste the fury.
Which one is the first to return - memory or the murderer?
People of Earth, your planet is about to be destroyed...  We're terribly sorry for the inconvenience.
5 Men. 4 Walls. 1 Plan.
One push can change everything.
Is your money making a killing?
Are you the exception...or the rule?
Mighty drama of men who were titans...and a woman who was their match!
Every Exciting Character!
How The Ultimate Scam Led To The Perfect Romance.
Trapped in a Deadly Game of Torture and Murder!
All the other galaxies will be green with envy!
No stray gets turned away.
The sheriff fought for peace. Now he would kill for vengeance.
What are your boundaries...
It's our generation that gets to change the world... forever.
There's no such thing as final vengeance!
Compared to this, every movie you've seen is just a film. This is cinema. From beginning... To end...
His name is Deth. He hunts Trancers. Even in the 20th Century.
When one falls, another brings him home.
Fearless! Unstoppable! Ready For His Close-Up!
He has a single mission. To explore the truth.
Boy meets girl...it's not the same old story!
Don't just win. Destroy.
George Simmons was prepared to die, but then a funny thing happened.
He lives by the sword. They will die by it.
The story of the handful of hope that became a fistful of hell!
The Saucy Sequel To
They came to collect a debt... He paid in full.
A flight plan to freedom...
No case too hard. No case too tough.
The whole wild west watched.. And held its breath.
Some fight for power. Some fight for us.
The Marines' Battle Cry of the South Pacific!
YOU CAN'T FORSEE IT! YOU CAN'T FORGET IT!
Never trust a thief.
You can't resist being who you are.
From the Ruins came Hope and Despair
Welcome to Crystal Lake
A Fistful of Fun!
The Perfect Weapon Is Now The Ultimate Killing Machine
Inspect the unexpected.
Bad things happen to those who wait.
It's What You Need to Succeed
The rousing, rollicking adventure of the world's first rockin' rooster!
Words can kill.
He has a Ph.D. in horribleness!
Sleeps Six Bloody Comfortably
CRIMSON-STREAKED ROMANCE HITS THE TRAIL!
Saddle Up!
When it comes to getting even, he's taking revenge into overdrive.
D-Day Is Coming.
He needed a best man... He got the worst.
Mitchum is HOT! - HOT...off location in the heart of Mexico...HOT...after a girl with a million-dollar figure!...HOT...at the nation's boxoffices...HOT...in his newest picture!
The Men!.. The Mutiny!...The Might!... The Magnitude Of Herman Melville's Classic Adventure of the High Seas!
Never Have the Stars Looked Down on an Adventure Like This!
What could she do but flee from love? She loved two men at once!
It's their night to come alive.
Some things cannot be explained.
The Thrilling Animated Adaption of the Cherished Children's Classic
Outwit. Outspy. Outsmart. Outplay. Then get out.
Knowing is everything...
Warrior. Conqueror. Legend.
Based on the Worldwide Best Seller
The movie that took a lot of guts to make
life's a messy business.
The Kung Fu Panda story continues
It Happened When A Killer With A Rope Ruled Nevada!
Blood-chilling, terrifying...
He was a guy who marked 100 men for death - until a blonde called 'Angel' O'Hara marked him for life!
Security comes at a price...
Eight Couples. One Conversation.
13B - Fear Has a New Address
When aliens attack, monsters fight back.
She's losing control again.
The Greatest Break-Up Story Ever Told
The most brutal movie ever made
He'll have to kick some butt to save his own.
A Lone Star Western Release
A Love Story
Don't Reveal the Source.
Some things can't be buried.
Obsessive manhunt to identify and capture a despicable serial killer
At fourteen, they made a pact to rock together forever. They meant it.
The Shame of Two Nations!
The titian-haired star of "Gay Divorcee" and "Roberta" joins hands with the master of all screen sleuths in a sparkling, mystery drama breathless with thrills...
Right now, the world needs a hero.
It's knee-deep in gorgeous gals and gaiety!
Nothing brings people together like a crappy summer job.
Love on the Heath
Love is the Frosting...
A new job? Hopefully. A new man? Possibly. A new handbag? Absolutely!
Sometimes it's hard to be the odd one in.
Death repeats itself.
Whose fault is it if life doesn't go your way?
They were professionals who killed for hire. But the man who hunted them killed for pleasure!
The legend comes to life.
THE FURIOUS, FIGHTING STORY OF QUANTRILL'S GUERILLAS!
Two of today's most publicized personalities Anthony Perkins and Jack Palance teamed in a great outdoor drama!
The Entertainment Event of the Year!
From Dodge City to Tombstone...His Guns Were the Only Law!
A film that kills... with laughter
New Model. Original Parts.
He hears the silence. He see's the darkness. He's the only one who can stop the killing.
The fate of the world is on the line.
Everyone has a choice. Every choice has a consequence.
Life is what you make it
Before your shocked eyes-- the city blasted SIN-SIDE OUT!
M-G-M's Great Romance Excitingly photographed in Ansco Color
Scorching lead-hot action all the way!
On air. Off shore. Out of control.
A detailed account of the trials and triumphs of the Apollo 13 mission.
A Psychedelic Journey Into One of The World's Most Powerful Minds.
Who says you're only young once?
Once upon a time in Nazi occupied France...
Find The Truth
He cut a swath of daring across the great southwest!
Ruthless Fortune Seekers Who Will Stop at Nothing...
The Prince Who Contemplated His Soul
They love me for what I'm not... ...they hate me for what I am.
Stay Charged, Stay Alive!
One truth could destroy an Empire.
An Easy-Going Gent with Deadly Guns...and a Reputation to Match!
The last place you'd ever expect to find yourself.
Silent Betrayal. Deadly Passion. Sweet Revenge.
The Fraternity Has A New Pledge, The Demon Of Sex & Lust
Who says that man scripts his own destiny by himself?
Love rules all.
Greed is good. Sex is easy. Youth is forever.
Witness the Origin.
See it with someone you ****
A Lone Star Western Release
The greatest sin of all is risking nothing.
The future begins.
The excitement is In-tents!
Chan stalks a fiendish murderer!
The American Dream Sucks
Greatness is a state of mind.
A Great Western Star in a WHIRLWIND of ACTION!
New World Order
Destiny Lies In The Wind
Diamonds in the Rough
The remarkable story of three families.
Romance rides in a drama of thundering hoofs and blazing guns!
IT'S SCREWY...And So Funny! IT'S RIOTOUS...And Romantic!
Every day thousands of people illegally cross our borders... only one thing stands in their way. America.
He's got a cross with your name on it.
The new vision of horror has arrived.
7 Men..1 Bank..90 Minutes..THE FUSE IS LIT
When Scorpio wants you ... there is no place to hide!
Small balls. Big ambition.
What drives a man to his limits... the power of love or the love of power?
Killers in pairs... death by the dozen... They left the west... More Dead than Alive.
Every life has a breaking point
Kiss me .. and I'll break your heart!
Never tell them the odds.
You Only Get One Shot...Take It
A man with a secret. A woman with a past.
One moment can change a life forever.
Some moments just feel right.
The End Begins.
When the lights go off the battle is on.
After Twilight, The Real Party Starts.
They'd never let the truth come between them.
SIX-GUN SHOWDOWN IN THE SIERRAS
Their bullets riveted a new star to the flag!
The story of Mussolini's secret lover, Ida Dalser, and their son Albino.
The comedy that proves people are still the funniest animals.
He's cool under pressure and sophisticated between the sheets
Below the city of lights exists a world of darkness.
Life has a mind of its own
If someone hurt someone you love, how far would you go to get revenge?
Christine Brown has a good job, a great boyfriend, and a bright future. But in three days, she's going to hell.
Let's Misbehave!
JAMES STEWART -- HENRY FONDA MEET IN THE HEAT OF FIRECREEK
The space between loss and love.
2 Guys. 300 Girls. You Do the Math.
She has 24 hours to convince the guy of her dreams that she's the girl of his.
BBC TV's film about a nuclear attack on Britain directed by Peter Watkins.
Three guys. One chance. No plan.
Friendship has no borders. True love has no limits.
NO ONE CAN ESCAPE THE SINS OF THE PAST
Some guys just can't handle Vegas.
He never met a target he couldn't take. Until today.
When nature turns evil, true terror awaits.
The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
A jazz-man of the wide-open '20s - caught in the crossfire of its blazing .38s!
KENTUCKY ADVENTURE in CINEMASCOPE
FRAMED BY A GANG of Murderig Thieves!
U Pana Boga Za Piecem
She's an executive on the move. But her career is taking her a little farther than she expected.
Eins, Zwei, Die!
Right place. Wrong time.
The only thing harder than getting in, is staying in.
She wasn't a divorcee but she believed that strangers could kiss!
What if your daughter's imagination... Was the secret to your success?
I can't get it out of my head. I'm gonna die today.
Sex.  Corruption.  Murder.  Get the picture?
For the undead... there's no place like home.
Think You Know The Story? Think Again!
The sun dawned bloodied...two great armies met face to face...and the earth trembled to the sound of the Zulu death chant!
...and other lies your friends let you get away with.
He's so far undercover he may never get back.
This is how love is...and always will be...
When a deadly conspiracy became a shameful cover-up One witness refused to be silent.
Here comes the bribe...
Astronaut Ordered Blown Up!!!
The Best Damn Bank Robber in the World!
When you talk about GREAT Motion Pictures you will talk about this one!
Meet your ancestors
Sizzling!
When Jerry takes over as 'The King' of the great lovers -- Pandemonium reigns!
In the future, life will be a dream. And reality a nightmare.
THE ADVENTURE YOU WILL NEVER FORGET!
The man. The legend. The truth.
We keep your private life private.
You'll know when you're in it.
An original and brilliant movie
THE MOST NOTORIOUS MEMBER OF A NOTORIOUS WALK OF LIFE!
Same Bank. Same Day. Different Story.
A movie with a fowl bite!
For every way in, there is another way out.
Revenge is coming.
A Stunning Visual Portrayal of Earth
Between the earth and the sky lies the sheer face of adventure.
...SHE'LL LIE...KILL OR KISS HER WAY OUT OF ANYTHING!
Exploding with all the power of the jet age... with all the passion of a daring love story!
Dare to dream your life.
A new comedy
You can't always run from your past.
Out of thousands, he tried to save one.
She's the call girl. He's the cop. They both take their jobs seriously.
America's Most Wanted.
You Won't Believe Your Ice!
Prepare yourself for the truth
True Love.
The Experience of a Lifetime
cruel... cunning... cold as ice...
Fantasies of Shakespeare's 'The Tempest'
A tale of life, love, and letting go.
Super Stuntman .... Supermodel .... Feel the Love - The Battle Begins this Summer!
It AIN'T all good in da hood.
When the going gets tough... the tough go flying!
Naughty girls go to hell... Really naughty girls conquer it.
Jim's back!... with a brand new line!
BIG! BRAWNY! BOLD!
Action all the way, a hundred thrills in a fight for GOLD and a GIRL!
It was almost like falling in love.
The movie focuses on one of the events in Zendegi Edame Darad (1992), and explores the relationship between the movie director, and the actors.
After You See It You'll Never Be the Same!
Whatever it is that French women have ... Madame Bovary had more of it!
Borat was so 2006
Brothers, Partners, Strangers
"If Detective Madigan kept his eyes on the killer instead of the broad..."
You've been scared. Now prepare to be... Terrified.
The world's most unlikely hero is back for his biggest adventure.
Reality is a state of mind.
Killers for hire are paid for what they can do, not for what they believe... until today.
A hard man... is good to find.
Dark Secrets Revealed
They come back!
He's watching you, your family...your every move.
Fatigue. Hypothermia. Death.
It's a brand new game with brand new rules!
The scars of war run deep.
Wanting what others have can only be destructive, or is it?
She's Beautiful, Smart, Funny And Totally Crazy.
High speed Excitement...As a Wanted Man...Meets a Wanting Woman
Sex. Passion. Betrayal. Murder.
Some loves are meant to be. This one, not so much.
Stop by, grab a sandwich, fall in love.
Below the Crypt lies Death's waiting-room - The . . . Vault of Horror
It's the world inside out.
It's below Miami and above the law.
Four million dollars the hard way in the Big Easy.
What Would You Do?
A red man and white woman bound by a love that death can't destroy.
Hair-trigger Action! Hair-Trigger Action! (reissue poster)
He wrote the book on life's big questions. But the truth is he hasn't got a clue.
SHOWDOWN AT SUNUP!
THE FIGHT AT ROBBER'S ROOST...It Teems With Action!
What a gang of song hits!
Can you keep a secret?
He Risked His Life Flying An F-16 - Now She Risks It All To Fight For His Name.
One moment shattered their lives.
The battle of the sexes is on.
He always takes one
Welcome to paradise. Enter at your own risk.
The Last Ride You'll Ever Take...
Sometimes the only way home is through hell.
The aliens vs. the Pearsons
You are not welcome here.
Based on Two True Stories
Sharon and Derek have all they've ever wanted... but someone else wants it more.
The race is on
She has the best of both worlds...now she has to choose just one.
When all else fails, they don't.
A soul searching comedy.
Dirk Bogarde's last film
Survive all 12
The nightmare is about to begin ... AGAIN!
Mitchum! Action!
Right woman. Right place. Wrong time.
Welcome to the promised land.
WHERE LIFE WAS RAW AND MIGHT WAS LAW!
A six-shooter writes the law as war flames on the range! Adventure---as bullets blaze the pioneer trail!
In Kautokeino no one can hear you scream.
No hooks, no bait, no fear.
Fearless--- He Rode the Danger Trail!
A Two Gun Son Of The West Takes The Law Into His Own Hands!
A family decalres war - on itself!
Same story. Different centuries.
He fought for justice--and battled for love! He fought for JUSTICE!-- Battled for LOVE!
If you make a wish on Christmas Eve, will it come true?
Stay on your side.
Her romance is on pins and noodles.
A story about two strangers. One a little stranger than the other...
Sex, Love, Theater.
1953 Was a Good Year for Leaving Home
When it comes to family and relationships, there are no small surprises.
They're BACK ... and STILL HUNGRY
After four years in a coma, Eugene Pratt is going to be reunited with his high school sweetheart... on pages 95-97.
Band Together
Check your baggage at the door.
Popularity is nice. Popular girls are not.
A story about love that's taking on a life on its own.
MYSTERY STREET will thrill you!
Her past is yet to come.
The world needs bigger heroes
Some Dreams Are Worth The Fight
Every family has a secret.
14 of these survivors must be cast adrift! Which will the Captain choose?
Where temptation lurks!
The Man. The Myth. The Celebrity.
He loved her like there was no tomorrow.
A fellow isn't happy unless he enjoys his work. And the only way to enjoy your work is to do very little of it.
A CRASHING ADVENTURE SERIAL!
A Magical Journey Begins.
An Elite Strike Force That Shows No Fear!
Cinematographer Style
In the mind of a mad man
Don't Worry, You'll Be Fine When I Wake Up...
To split a car in half...seduce a safe with music...send a city wild!
Russian Mafia, insane hostages, twin serial killers... Ritchie Donovan's luck has run out.
Wild and wonderful as the thrill-packed novel that inspired it !
Love-Lust, Courage and Cowardice, Faith-Fury and Sacrifice!
If the camera is on, you're dead.
How can anyone forget the girls who really turned us on?
A Pre-Life Crisis.
A love story beyond words.
The most fun you can have without a passport.
The original boogeyman is back.
New mischief amidst the mizzen-masts!
Some convictions are criminal
Anything that makes people happy can't be bad can it?
A Rohmerian delight, another ritualized romance
A Generation Began In His Backyard.
Marilyn Monroe was our fantasy. Norma Jean was her reality.
Changing times, intimate decisions, and the four walls that hold their secrets.
Family Is Forever
Did a Woman Start the Rout of Rommel?
Save your lipstick, girls, he plays for keeps.
Feelings and desire that go beyond the physical.
The Shame of Europe
When our world ended their mission began.
Carry On Screaming with the Hilarious CARRY ON Gang!!
Stand Your Ground
The controversial life of torch singer Bijou Blanche (Dietrich), who has been kicked off one South Seas island after another.
Three guys. One pub. Too much time on their hands.
How long can the party last...
Superman was born a hero. Batman became a hero. But only Green Lantern was chosen.
Meet the Westboro Baptist Church
A writer, torn between two lovers is hunted by spies in search of stolen diamonds.
Don't fear the end of the world. Fear what happens next.
Death on the road
A Magical Story of an Unlikely Friendship
No goats. No glory.
Not all who wander are lost...
Screaming young girls sucked into a labyrinth of horror by a blood-starved ghoul from Hell.
You MUST see it to know how indescribably clever and enormously "smart" a movie CAN be!
-
She's evil... and not just high school evil.
Based on a tattle-tale.
Face your fear.
As Big and Spectacular and Exciting As The Mighty West Itself!
The hard-hitting story of a man with a plan...REVENGE!
Life's best adventures are journeys of the heart.
Sticking it to the man has never looked so good.
Rest In Pieces
In the near future, you don't live to play... you'll play to live.
Prepare to get served.
What do you do if the one you want is the one you can't have?
The magic of the mountain. The obsession of a man. The beauty of the Silver Brumby.
The Saga of the Derelict, Mary Deare... the strange secret she carried... the desperate voyage and plot to sink her!
You'll never look at dinner the same way again.
A titanic beauty spreads a macabre wave of horror! A terrifying masterpiece of shock and chills!
Lusting after sinful pleasures.
Their world is mankind's only hope for survival.
Sometimes when you least expect it...
First love burns brightest.
Steel Your Nerves! Here's excitement that will smash them!
The man from "The Mob" is making another killing!
What she wants, she gets.
The Latest. Most Terrifying Evil.
Burning With Evil.
An Inside View of Political Detainees
What Happens When You Sleep?
The wild, untold story of OZploitation!
Tame a lion. Get shot out of a cannon. Wash an elephant. Jerrico will do anything to become a circus clown.
In a World as different as Night and Day !
I want love - and I'm going to get it!
AT LAST IT'S ON THE SCREEN! Greater than the Stage Show!
Lance Clayton is about to get everything he deserves.
Ask not what your C.E.O. can do for you, but what you can do for your C.E.O.
Mafia wants him DEAD !, Police wants him ALIVE !!
Shallow Water. Deep Secret.
...seriously!
Truth is stranger than family
dreams
Someone is listening to your thoughts
A journey through family and fear in the violent world of '80s clubland.
Love. Undying.
Poison, Drowning, Claw, Or Knife. So Many Ways To Take A Life.
Trespassers will be slaughtered...
Be Your Own Hero
In a world where everyone can only tell the truth... This guy can lie.
How do you save humanity when the only thing that's real is you?
This place is so dead
A brutal murder in a small town. A triangle of passion, power and rage.
Politics, popularity, paranoia, pharmaceuticals. Are you in?
A double-barrelled fun birst!
Their NEWEST and FUNNIEST by far!
The Sisters of Theta Pi Are Dying To Keep a Secret.
See Your Last Breath
Even when your luck runs out, some things never change.
An education isn't always by the book.
It's one big roar, from shore to shore!
Before she was France's famous mademoiselle...
I was nobody until I killed the biggest somebody on earth.
The Man Who Made the Twenties Roar
Slapstick chases!... Pies in faces!... Shapely beauts in bathing suits!
It may be paradise... but it's no vacation.
A Comedy That Clings
A stirring journey into the nightmare of a woman driven by a strange passion.
We live! We love! We fight! We hate! What don't we do for - OUR DAILY BREAD
You'll never have anything better.
Spring break... Love Hina Style!!
Never Trust A Corpse
The last 67 days of the great artist's life.
Mystery-lure of the Far East!
You Will Never See Anything Finer On The Screen!
There's one in all of us.
A Non-Stop Suspense Thriller
Girls like Tracy never tell their parents about guys like Rourke.
Fast cars. Big homes. Wild parties. They had everything. And nothing to lose.
Not So TALL Tales From The Director Of 'Spy Kids'
Every moment... Love Begins.
The System Must Pay.
All the adventure a man can live, he lives.
Daddy's home.
Just when you thought it couldn't happen again.
Sometimes perfect strangers make the best friends.
It's a business doing pleasure.
Every 10 years, the world's greatest assassins gather... Only one will survive.
Der deutsche Millionen-Film!
Italy is the place where they've made an art of everything - especially love!
The story of a man ready to make a connection.
The Castle. The Murder. The Monster.
A strange kind of KILLER is loose in this Town!
STEP-BY-STEP...
A group of fishermen on a precariously balanced platform fight over a trunk.
The Game Has Come Full Circle
Like You've Never Seen Him Before
The story of a woman no one noticed until it was too late.
Rips into you like a double-crossing Dame!
He had to get the guns through the whole Apache nation !
Meet Darren. He's sixteen going on immortal.
The Saints Are Calling
He's super bad. He's outta sight. He's...
What if every day you relived your own murder?
Have a blast.
Oinus, Ainous, Anous, Odious.
Dig the life fantastic!
One's tough ... One's smart... Together they unleash explosive action!
The adventure of a lifetime begins with one small pebble.
Jack skates a little faster... Shoots a little harder... And is driving everyone bananas.
Sometimes the toughest battles are fought in your own family.
Der deutsche Millionen-Film!
Pudovokin's Remarkable Film Of The East In Revolt
Season's Greedings
A Fast Buck... A Fast Bronc... A Fast Thrill!
They have a plan!
The Story of the King of Pop
DOUBLE RATES FOR WOMEN... because a woman is always double-trouble!
She lived many lives - except her own.
The Romance Is Contagious! The Fun Is Catching!
THE MOST MIRTHFUL, MURDER MYSTERY IN YEARS!
Charming and cute and clever
Apparently, rocks are having conversations all around us, but they talk very, very slowly.
True Glamour Never Fades
We Were Warned.
All you have to do is push the button.
There are four kinds of alien encounters. The fourth kind is abduction.
Life is hard. Life is short. Life is painful. Life is rich. Life is....Precious.
TOLD WITH THE SNARL OF A MACHINE GUN!
The only criminal he can't catch is himself.
The Next Chapter Begins.
The deadliest disease ever discovered is about to be unleashed on the world.
The Scars of War Will Last Forever
Love is a force you can't control.
Fear not the weapon, but the hand that wields it.
A comedy about four young adults adrift in Mexico City.
100,000 brothers and sisters turning onto being black... and telling it like it is!
He's conned his way into Oxford University . . . now he's learning to be a WINNER!
To survive inside, he has to become one of them.
A DIFFERENT kind of love story
An ecological nightmare gone berserk!
Every second counts.
Sometimes four ninjas just aren't enough!
There are two sides to every family.
Crossing the border just got easier. Plug into the new American dream.
Hoop Dreams...10 Years Later
Based on the extraordinary true story
The Doctor is Out
Life is Not Child-Proof.
It's a split second between hit or miss.
Something strange is coming to their planet...Us!
If you want to discover life learn from the master
Make The Connection
Some Things in life you can't leave behind
The story of a life and everything that came after...
His people needed a leader. He gave them a champion.
A dream called freedom. A nightmare called Nicaragua.
Every Love Story Begins With a Kiss...
Frank's travelling light but carrying excess baggage.
TOGETHER...THEY RODE INTO A THOUSAND DANGERS!
Who will be the last man standing?
Their conquest has already begun... He know they're here.
For thousands of years man has enslaved the ape, now the tables are about to turn.
The art of travel is to deviate from the current plan.
If the lies don't kill you ‰ÛÒ the truth will.
Just do it... or die!
HER ARMS...HER LOVE...HIS ONLY ESCAPE FROM A HERITAGE OF HATE!
Sandra is excitement! What Sandra does... is astonishing!
Mass destruction just met its match.
The story of a totalitarian regime brought down by disco
We're not in Manhattan anymore.
NOW ON THE SCREEN! THE STAGE HIT THAT CONVULSED BROADWAY AND THE NATION !
It's all in fun... and fun for all !
Parents can be bloody murder.
For Veronika, confronting death... is discovering life.
Welcome to a whole new Wonderland.
Enter the World of Pandora.
This Holiday Season, Be Italian
First comes marriage. Then comes divorce. And then...
Nothing escapes him.
The harder the life, the sweeter the song.
Intoxicating. Infuriating. Impossible. Love.
The Boys are back in town... and they have competition.
The choice is theirs.
The life of the most controversial man of the year.
His Knowledge is your misery.
A dark journey into an evil mind where the only good is... The Profit.
To win back the love of his life, Eric's going to need a little training.
High...High...High...Above Them All! - in excitement! - in spectacle! - in fire, flesh and fury!
The tremendous story of the victory over the Graf Spee.
One step between life and death.
Do you believe in the American Dream?
NOTHING EVER LIKE IT BEFORE!
No Reasons! No Rules! No Submission! No Mercy!
Convicted of treason. Sentenced to death. One chance to set the record straight.
THERE'S A GIRL LIKE MARVIN MYLES HIDDEN IN EVERY MAN'S LIFE
In a bowling alley from Hell, there's only one way to score...
She's America's Most Wanted Serial Killer
The rules are simple. You break them, you die...
She's Back!
It's a grubby, violent, dangerous world. But it's the only world they know. And they're the only friends Eddie has.
Get out of Hamburg, away from the leather.
Shut up or die.
Discover the true story behind one of the most influential artists of our generation ‰ÛÒ Big Pun.
After the final earthquake... welcome to the island of California.
Dying is easy, Rock and Roll is hard.
lieksa, matriarch, finnish
HER BLOOD STAINED EVERY STONE OF THE PYRAMID
Between the madness of what is real and the horror of her imagination lies the... Heart of Midnight.
Every "Revolution" Needs A Leader
In 2019, The Most Precious Natural Resource... Is Us.
A true story of faith, devotion and undying love.
Anna planned to propose to her boyfriend on February 29th. This is not her boyfriend.
Some will kill to have it. He will kill to protect it.
There's A Storm Coming
They're Not Cool Slick Heroes.
Africa 1923: A clash of cultures between British imperalists and a black man too smart for his own good.
Escaping the prison of life.
A Feast For All Of The Senses!
A Non Profit Fanmovie Based On The Games By Hideo Kojima
They're not bad guys, just bad thieves.
The dancing lady has a new sweetheart ...!
A Modern Love Story
Now the legacy can be told.
Where evil grows, she preys.
RIOTOUS ROMANTIC COMEDY!
Four victims. Four painful secrets.
This A Is For Action!
The Mystery Isn't Who. But Why.
Sorority sisters... Sisters in life. Sisters in death.
Dragon hunting isn't a fairy tale
This September! Crawl Baby crawl!
A comedy about romance and other perilous adventures.
The grand deception that became the performance of a lifetime.
What If everything you believed was a lie?
A small-time crime boss kills a drug dealer without realizing that the drug dealer works for the biggest crime boss in the country.
A Silent Warrior. A Lethal Mission.
MenneisyyttÌ_ ei voi paeta ikuisesti. Antaako rakkaus lopulta kaiken anteeksi?
The Golden Thread
Evolutionary Ecologist, Randy Olson, tries to find out just who is the real "Flock of Dodos"
When you don't know what you want, how can you know who you want?
Winner... Eats... All!
You might even say it glows!
As a boy all John Lennon needed was love.
Destroy your enemy
Wrongfully Accused. Unjustly Imprisoned. Now He's Fighting Back.
Don't BE A STUPID BE AN I.D.I.O.T.
"Never give a inch" was the motto of the Stampers of Oregon. And live it they did!
When the last angel falls, the fight for mankind begins.
GIANTS OF THE SKY...blazing a trail to victory!
From A People Like This Came America's Heritage. In A Story Like This Lies America's Greatness!
She's almost part of the family
Stalked by a madman. Framed by a killer. Terrified by the truth.
Sam and Ari are getting on like a house on fire!
A Hilarious New Comedy
A new kind of terror takes root...
The most feared monsters in cinematic history have met their match...
For centuries a treaty has existed between the human world and the realm of the demons.
Go West!...to Virginia City...for excitement, for adventure, for primitive romance!!!
Killer samurai sexploitation!
The year's most exciting romantic comedy!
SHE GAVE UP HER PARK BENCH FOR HIM! HE GAVE UP MILLIONS FOR HER!
The real epic animation as written by Dante Alighieri
Piece By Piece, By Piece, the Bodies Vanish in ... "Shriek of the Mutilated"
Four glittering eyes, two pink mouths, and eight limbs wrapped around itself taking up two seats on the subway.
Don't hope for a miracle. Make one.
JUST MARRIED.......BUT TO WHOM?
The Red Baron
One of the best Spanish film
I am Sonya! You don't know who or what I am... the police know! They know I'm in love with a murderer! But a woman like me might still save a man's soul!
The incredible true story of LeBron James and the Akron Fab Five
Did you ever wish for the impossible?
Some secrets take us to the edge.
Sometimes the only way out is to break in
I can see a person's inner personality.
A Passage to Hell
This is the face of Charles Reece, a mass murderer. He doesn't think he's done anything wrong. The real crime is that the jury may agree.
You'll be in perfect health before you die.
The Story Of A Man, A Land and A Love!
An alcoholic actress considered a dangerous jinx is rehabilitated but shows she's as dangerous as ever.
The Conman who wouldn't go straight.
The Director Had A Vision. The Producers All Had Girlfriends.
They're an elite task force. They target high-profile criminals, learn how they work...and shut them down.
Autism gave her a vision. She gave it a voice.
A comedy about men and women and what stands between them.
The rise and fall of Napoleon Bonaparte, Emperor of France.
After 5000 years of civilization, we all need a break.
It speaks to you in the language of love, laughter and tears!...
Talk on the phone. Finish your homework. Watch TV. Die.
The Murdered at Midnight!
Love story of a spy
Live, love and give as good as you get.
Some Love Stories... Live Forever
The Years Have Passed Only Wounds Have Remained
Zip yourself in tight!
Temptation May Be His Greatest Adversary
A Love Story. More or Less.
When the moon is full the legend comes to life
No experience necessary...
Someone is missing.
Sworn in Secrecy. Signed in Blood.
A fly-by-night killer is leaving Sherlock Holmes in the dark.
Prepare to get slapped...
The truth is not what you know. It's what you believe.
One Kingdom, Two Kings, One Duke, Three Battles and the Most Famous Date in English History
When he turns up the heat ... they will turn on each other.
Fight Fire with Fire
Worlds Collide
Rock out with your Glock out
The only difference between you and them is a coupla drinks.
Read between the lies.
She gave away secrets to one side and her heart to the other.
Turn the darkness into light
How would you protect someone from their first love?
In the beginning there was Bombolini the fool, Bombolini the drunk, Bombolini the joke. In the end there was Bombolini the mayor, Bombolini the hero, Bombolini the beautiful. In between is the secret of Santa Vittoria.
Spying is easy, Babysitting is hard
The Story of a Women's Prison today
The F.B.I.'s own tense, terrific story behind the protection of the ATOMIC BOMB!
No one changes the world alone.
Do something you're afraid of.
Alexandria, Egypt. 391 A.D. The World Changed Forever.
He's only 5 1/2 inches high, but he's terrific!
Summer 2008: The gang of Punjab arrives with a bang!
Life's not always brown or white.
They destroyed his life... Now he'll destroy them all.
Sometimes it takes a lie to expose the truth
Fear Thy Neighbor
Love brought them together. Will fate tear them apart?
You can't handle the tooth.
Husbands and wives, killing each other.
Think inside the box
Fear Revisited
This time it's spreading.
Can you ever really trust anyone?
I am Muslim and i am not a terrorist
You're invited to a very important date.
They came‰Û_ They saw‰Û_ They panicked..
Chief Warrant Officer Roy Miller is done following orders
An Epic Novel . . . An Epic Picture !
The Most Magnificent Re-Creation . . . Of An Ancient Empire . . . Launches A New Epoch In Motion Pictures . . .
Two agents. One city. No merci.
EMI-MGM Presents The Return Of Entertainment
Forever Young. Forever Cursed.
He's got a lot on his mind.
91,000 people. 33 exit gates. One Sniper‰Û_
This is War. This is Brooklyn.
When she's this hot, You get one shot.
Every man has a breaking point.
Sometimes life leads you to the most mysterious places.
A moving experience!
Live in the moments.
The future sucks.
There's no sequel for you!
From the director of "New Jack City"
Detours can be deadly.
Evil will surface.
No one knows you're up there
They're just like you ... only dead
Did you read about what happened to the poor girl in the shower?...
Death isn't what it used to be.
It doesn't have to end this way
Three Men and a Girl... Bound by Invisible Ties - Branded by Invisible Stripes
Two lovers risking it all. One story, untold until now.
To have and to hold... 'Til dads do us part.
It's a Job. It Isn't Personal. Well, Maybe a Little...
Drugs, Murder, and Brotherly Love.
High Hopes, High Anxiety, High Heels.
I had to sell out my own girl -- so would you!
Fighting, killing, maiming. Agent Orange and the torture cages were the easy part!...
A serial killer with a vice for Video Poker
25 of the screen's greatest stars - chorus of 200 - amazingly revolutionary motion picture!
What if the person you loved became someone else?
In Vietnam, he was the best... He still is!
It Dares Strip Down a Woman's Mind
It enters a hundred incredible worlds where the camera has never gone before!
To Nefer, shameless temptress of Babylon, he surrendered his parents' hope of immortality!
A city terrorised by its own evil!
For a price, any organ in your body can be replaced. But it can also be repossessed.
There's a little bit of Duddy Kravitz in everyone.
The greatness and glory, the loves and sins of the famed novel.
Piercing Drama of La Fitte - Man or Devil ?
Some cases should  never be opened.
The End of a Season Means the Beginning of a New One...
A documentary on art-scene commentator Paul Hasegawa-Overacker's relationship with enigmatic photographer Cindy Sherman.
Explore the depths of our planet's oceans.  Experience the stories that connect their world to ours.
Three friends ready to face the world... and then the world changed.
Bring a bib, it's gonna get messy.
This Crystal Meth House Is Haunted
Kick some past
If the one you love was lying to you, how far would you go to find out the truth?
The night of the man who chewed asphalt.
She'll stop at nothing.
One adventure will change two worlds
UNRATED. A film with many happy endings...
Happiness With the Peanuts Gang!
Reanimated. Rearmed. The ultimate rematch
The master minds tackle the master crimes!
Fourty intriguing films from the world's leading directors
Non Stop Madness
Titans will clash.
An unexpected hero will rise.
One man's ride from Seattle to New York in a modified VW "shorty"
Shut up. Kick ass.
Opposites attract
To face the future, they must face the past.
From The Prize Novel -- A Picture Of Thundering Power!
It's the Romantic Battle of the Century with a World championship Cast!
...and they returned to take revenge!
One ordinary couple. One little white lie.
A bizarre descent into hell from the creator of Re-Animator.
Positively the most horrifying film ever made
The robbery nobody thought could happen by the guys nobody thought could pull it off.
Life is the symptom. Death is the cure.
A romantic comedy about a marriage that truly is forever.
They called him the STRANGER WITH A GUN...
Four episodes of the popular 90's animated series on DVD, complete with extra
A picture as sensational as its subject!
Sharp like a sword. Sexy as hell.
Greater Than "Cimarron" - Packed with Thrills - Loaded with Action . . . As an Exciting page from American history is unfolded upon the screen !
Some secrets are better left buried.
A dreary city tenement provides backdrop to this tale of exclusion and the magic it takes to become accepted
This lesson can't be learned in the classroom.
The WORLD'S OUTSTANDING COMEDIANS IN THE FUNNIEST COMEDY OF ALL TIME
It's 1975 and they're about to explode.
I killed my father, I ate human flesh, and I quiver with joy.
The revelation shocker of things to come!
Where your deepest secrets are revealed.
It's waiting outside and it can sense your fear. No nightmare will prepare you for it!
People die... Get over it.
Every woman who has loved will understand
The most lavish picture ever on the screen!
Enter an age of unknown terrors, pagan worship and virgin sacrifice...
From 1984 to 1994 a perfect storm of people and circumstances changed the face of animation forever.
The story of an American woman and her abandonment in Rome.
Man alive, Just picture this excitement!
This is one sad family.
She challenged the desert, its men, their passions and ignited a bold adventure.
It's not a diary, it's a movie.
TENDER TRAP: What every girl sets for every man
It's a screamer right down the fairway, FOOOOORE!!!!!!
A woman's kiss . . . A lighted cigarette - Each had Its meaning! An exciting and realistic story of war . . . of German Prisoners Sent Back Behind Their Own Lines as Agents of the Allies!
Dreams do come true.
Ten great directors. One unforgettable film. The most sensual experience you'll ever have in a movie theater.
It's not about the money. It's about revenge.
no secrets. no inhibitions. no apologies.
The cat is the most feared animal there is!
Trespassers will be violated
Can you escape your past?
M-G-M's High, Wide and Handsome TECHNICOLOR Musical!
Anyone Else Would Be Dead By Now.
He's having a mid-term crisis.
A story about family, first love, second chances and the moment in life that lead you back home.
What these women did to get into prison is nothing compared to what they'll do to get out.
John met the woman of his dreams. Then he met her son ...
Their flesh is his fantasy
It's your own army - in the army's own show!
Where 'WILLARD' ended... Ben begins. And this time, he's not alone!
The world's first Street Art disaster movie
Breaking up is hard to do
HUMAN SACRIFICES! SAVAGE TORTURE! VOODOO RITES!
FIND YOUR S.Q.! What is your Suspense Quotient? How Much Suspense Can You Take?
AMAZING! DIFFERENT! UNIQUE!
The poignant story of a girl who fell hopelessly in love!
Fight evil... With evil.
Love flamed in the shadow of death!
It's not the armor that makes the hero, but the man inside.
A New Orleans Woman Plots Murder and Mutiny For Love!
Live Large
He's the ultimate tool.
When two just ain't enough!
The dead of night changed the lives of many... and ended the lives of some.
Scream All You Want...He Enjoys It.
WARNER BROS.' HIP-SWINGIEST MUSICAL SHINDIG OF 'EM ALL!
It'd diaboliKILL!
Relationships can be draining.
The film documenting Martin Strel's historic swim down the Amazon
Gentleman Tim Deals A Death Hand In A Crooked Game!
Reality is only the beginning.
Everyone needs a refuge from the world.
Never Sleep Again.
We are 4 Lions.
He had to meet her - to find himself!
Why is the Gospel of Love Dividing America?
Fastest draw in the North... kinda.
He came. He saw. They conquered.
For you it's a movie. For them it's reality.
The Life and Deaths of Jack Kervorkian
Where is Alice Creed?
Rise and rise again, until lambs become lions.
Morris Engel's All-American Classic
Everything they touch turns to pure excitement!
The frank, revealing story of Lillian Roth's life! Best-seller now a film sensation.
The family that slays together stays together.
Hayley The Hell Raiser!
62 Stars in Warners' Biggest Ever!
A true story of love, courage, and sacrifice.
25 Years of Love can't be Wrong
Where anything goes...for a price!
Winner takes all!
When you have it all....you don't have anything
No one can live without love.
What remains, when love is not enough?
Seven stories from the heart of the Halo universe
Be young. Be free. Be somebody.
Nobody Baby But You And Me
Perfect wife. Perfect target.
She's waiting to love you... to death!
Playtime is over. Now the REAL fun begins.
THRILLS...ACTION...Somewhere in the Pacific
TO THE FRONT of the HIT PARADE!
...He's coming for you
Business is booming at the crematorium.
170,000 sq miles of desert. 90 minutes of oxygen. No way out.
When the world turned its back, one man stood up.
Defy the Future
Boys like Peter are not afraid of wolves...
Her body, your soul.
Life on Earth: the bits David Attenborough left out
A year after Animals, Ricky Gervais comes back with his second stand up comedy tour: Politics.
Carrie on.
Rebel Soldier Hustler Prisoner Fugitive Firebrand
To the police -- Stop me.
Aaron Green has 72 hours to get a Rock Star from London to L.A. Pray for him.
Right and Wrong no longer exist
The Romance Of Passion And Power
In every life...for every love...with every trust...there is a risk of Betrayal.
The classic love story by William Shakespeare.
Fall in love, get married, have a baby. Not necessarily in that order.
Science's newest miracle...is a mistake.
The final 15 years of the Ceausescu regime were the worst in Romania's history. Nonetheless, the propaganda machine of that time referred without fail to that period as ‰ÛÏthe golden age‰Û...
Some have it, Some Don't.
Can Darkness Win Light?
What if you had a second chance to find true love?
Fear runs deeper
Happiness is a state of mind
Chasing dreams. Finding hope.
How far would you go to win the ultimate job?
A country boy takes over Broadway . . . until he gets into heart-trouble!
The Dialogues with Solzhenitsyn
Funniest thing on the screen today
Only one animal kills just for the sport of it... Guess which...
Shame is the mistress of this house and betrayal its master!
Tense drama of frightened men!
World War II ends and her story begins...
Glory is the fear.
THEY'RE STRONG FOR WINE, WOMEN, AND SONG.
A wonderful musical!
Revenge gets ugly.
There Is No Plan B
A new joy has come to the screen... and the world is a happier place to live in!
The greatest Othello ever by the greatest actor of our time
No toy gets left behind.
EXCITEMENT and SUSPENSE 18,000 Feet Over the Atlantic!
I was married to a man other women pursued!
and the Mystery of the lamp
Talking Just Causes Witnesses
A dream is a dream is a dream.
Expect The Savage. The Sensual. The Shocking. The Sad. The Powerful. The Shameful. Expect The Truth.
A Story of Unusual Love!
He'll stop at nothing to take back what's his.
Come See Where Your Democracy Went
It ain't Ogre... Til it's Ogre
They've got a long way to go
Vengeance is ruthless.
Nobody See's It Coming
It's no longer a game.
In the last days, nothing is what it seems.
You can't hurry love.
Her First ALL TALKING Picture
She did something women were forbidden to do, and became a World Champion.
Master of Women's Hearts . . . . . . . Conqueror of a New World.
1942's first blast of screen dynamite
I, Tina Balser, Housewife, Did Not Do My Chores Today. I Did...Something Else!
The Story Behind The Worst Movie Ever Made - Troll 2
Never underestimate the politics of friendship
.. Torn from a million souls!
It all begins ... With a choice.
Ben loves his family almost as much as he loves himself
A story about living and loving and letting go.
THE MOST DANGEROUS MISSION IN THE WAR!
What would you do if someone was watching you?
It's a RIOT how Cary carries on!
There is always one last chance
Four nations, one destiny
All the action you can take...all the adventure you can wish for!
Tomorrow she will know what she did tonight!!
DEATH COMES COLDLY
All America's worst fears. Realized. At once.
The Ancient Art of Genital Origami
A tropical paradise, untouched by man... where a bizarre civilization exists.
the sleuth, the whole sleuth and nothing but the sleuth
The love affairs of three women - marital...premarital...and one marvelous surprise!
Romance and Laughter...under a Rio moon!
Kurt Cobain in his own words.
All the love, laughs and murderous fun of the Broadway smash hit!
9/11: The Day the World Changed
Fear is Reborn
Cheerleader. Prom Queen. Manson Girl.
A thousand shows in one!
They accused him‰Û_ They beat him‰Û_ They condemned him‰Û_ and after all that, they were more afraid of him than ever.
A film about The Doors
A Great and Spectacular Drama!
Superbad. Superdad.
The first great Love Story of our women at the fighting front!
Too Close To The Truth
Time Never Kills the Love of Your Life
So full of spectacle and glory it had to be made in Technicolor!
When a western beauty meets a dangerous bandit you'll get a thrill at their hot-blooded romance!
America's Singing Sweethearts are Sweethearts!
Your mind is the scene of the crime.
Boys will be boys. . . some longer than others.
Open Water in the desert.
It's The Coolest Job Ever.
The Most Fun You'll Ever Have Being Scared!
Every Hit Man Deserves a Second Shot!
One afternoon can prove to be greater than a lifetime
WHAT HAPPENS in the next few minutes makes one of the most dramatic climaxes of any story you've ever seen!
No showgirl is safe on the streets of... Fear City.
He was a man ahead of his time. His ideas on love and sex shocked his generation.
The world has been without justice... Until now
A Challenge He Never Imagined. A Teacher He Never Expected.
The story of the Tolpuddle Martyrs
Nic and Jules had the perfect family, until they met the man who made it all possible.
For People With NERVES Of Iron Only!
Animal desires... Human lust. Test Tube terrors... Half beast... all monster.
Not all films have a happy ending.
Two guys.One girl.Game on.
Dare to Look Beneath the Hood.
Who is Salt?
Will you do me a kindness?
The sin ... the lie ... the crime of passion.
Welcome to the last level of evolution...
Who would you believe
Nothing is real, everything is possible.
Gloria Swanson, more glorious than ever!
I bid you seek the lost silver cup... for sin is rising like the swollen rivers...
YOU'LL GET HAPPY HYSTERICS in this history-mocking comedy
Families. Friends. Lives On The Line.
...anything can happen.
The dream house that becomes a nightmare.
Takes One To Know One.
Equality for some.
You'll Believe That Pigs Can Fly!
Life is never as innocent as it seems.
In 1946 this man killed five people... Today he still lurks the streets of Texarkana, Ark.
An anti-depressive off-road movie
Erotic? Serious? Funny? Tragic? A Mystery? A Game? A Paradox? Neo-Sadism? A Detective Story?
A rarity on the screen... a RAW slice of life!
Sail the high seas of adventure again!
It's classic encounters of the funniest kind!
Happiness, jail or the grave?
Killers Are Not Born ... They Are Made
Behind every great martial artist lies a teacher.
You will not forget
A documentary about the American lottery and some of the industry's biggest winners (and losers).
A Little Sister Goes A Long Way.
ROLLICKING ROMANCE! GLORIOUS ADVENTURE!
Life is for living.
She's still got it. He's just getting it.
When the cops are busy... Our only hope is...
The big, new lineup of thrills comes to the BIG movie theatre screen.
Two rival teams of assassins. One killer day at the office.
I wonder if we can get along without talking at all...
"You weren't the first... and you won't be the last!"
A woman whose hatred knew no bounds!
It's Not If They Die... It's How
HANG ON TO YOUR MONEY, YOUR WOMEN and YOUR LIFE! Here come the DESPERADOS!
KING OF THE MONSTERS! KARLOFF IN HIS NEW HORROR HIT!
Sex is not a forbidden word.
DeMille's first film in Technicolor! 10 Great Stars! 2 Glorious Love Stories! 1,000 Unforgettable Thrills!
The Intimate Story of a Man with a Voice as Great as His Heart!
Sometimes it really is a matter of life and death.
A little imagination goes a long way
Choose Your Weapon.
Get the hot girl. Defeat her evil exes. Hit love where it hurts.
Loving her . . . taming her . . . called for all his reckless daring!
He hypnotizes! He thrills...! Any woman caught in his spell must obey.
A crime story.
What if you became someone new?
Violent as the Life They Lived!
Deaf , Comic, Singer, Actor, Sign Language
Terror runs deep.
A Rocket Propelled Misadventure
Politics ... and Beyond
Imagine a place where all dimensions of the universe collide...
History is written in blood
Sons forget their mothers can die.
Everybody loves...
In the Green Room everyone can hear you scream. But no one will help.
It's dizzy - it's daffy, It's cockeyed - it's laughy!
A Different Class of Misfits
Every day a battle is born.
Warner Bros.' Wonder Show of the Century!
They never imagined it would go this far.
What you can't see can hurt you.
The darker it gets the more you see
'Nobody helps me -- I help them!'
There's something in the water.
Every secret dies somewhere.
Paris Opera Documentary
She's a trip. But she's no vacation.
When life is the shadow of death.
He played with death to prove a theory
It's the nearest thing to Heaven!
The Comedy of the year!!!
King of Romantic Epics!
If there is life after death - love lives on
They're not just living the American dream, they're selling it.
To Catch a Killer, You Must Think Like a Killer!
The mind sets limitations. The heart surpasses them.
Jump for joy it's jumbo!
RITA TURNS ON THE HEAT IN 3D
Survival is no game
Believe In Him.
Higher and higher! Faster and faster! She gave herself to the great god Speed, and tried to run away from the fires within her!
Heartbreak Behind Gayety of a Girly-Girl Show!
The Beginning of the Exploitation of Brazil
Accused of love that dare not speak its name.
It's judgement day.
Drugs don't stand a chance against these guys!
The most unexpected comedy ever conceived.
How to fight a country that doesn't exist?
Can you light your water on fire?
Trapped... 4 Desperate Men and a Strange Half-Animal Girl!
The modernism of Julius Shulman
In a world where there is so much wealth, why is there still so much poverty?
GG Allin is God
He was given an offer he couldn't refuse...
Two Worlds. One Dream.
A Jewish, African-American Adopted Daughter...and her Search for Self
The truth... Is always complicated.
A comedy about meeting each other halfway.
A documentary on the cryptic cartoon band, Gorillaz.
From the Sensational Stage Hit That Ran 3 years on Broadway!
This Year's Laugh Riot!
The Love Story Behind The Billion Dollar Secret
The Show That's Out Of This World
Counter Attack!
Guest stars galore!
Suppose you knew who you had been in your previous life. Where you had lived...whom you had loved and how you had died. What then?
No clues. No evidence. No answers. No trace.
You know the music. Now meet the man.
A girl never forgets her first love...
Is not just a war movie.
The story of an outcast and a killer!
Some sagas just won't die.
Some wishes do come true.
Envision the possibilities
Relationships don't come cheap!
She's back...And she's bringing a few of her friends.
The revenge of the Professional.
Hold onto your hearts girls!!! Here comes the racket king!
Evil sleeps, but never dies.
Fast Furious Funny Full-Length Feature
Where little league bats hit big time gambling
Every Night is Halloween.
Their crime was against nature. Nature found them guilty.
You don't get to 500 million friends without making a few enemies.
The end is near.
EVERY WOMAN HAS HER WEAK MOMENT!---but it takes the right man to find it!
She Loves Two Men... She is Married to One!
Welcome to the bank robbery capital of America.
ALABAMA'S CITY OF SIN AND SHAME!
Prepare for global swarming!
The rumour-filled totally false account of how I ruined my flawless reputation.
Let Yourself GO
The Obscenity Trial That Started a Revolution. The Poem That Rocked a Generation.
Ways of the Lord, Perils of the Flesh and Horror of the Devil
I tell ya, chum...laughs it is!
She slept in his bed...wore his pajamas - THEN SHE REALLY TOOK OVER!
For 70 years, money and power buried the truth...
No family could be happier!
You never forget your first love.
Change your view of our universe.
Gordon never gives up.
A violent drama of profane love
The Story of a Man Who Had to Live Twelve Years in One Day with Four Women!
On his way to finding a legend...he will become one.
Just like real spies... only furrier.
Heart pounding terror!
The jubilant story of George Gershwin.
You have waited seven years for this!
An adventurous love story that will live 'til the seas run dry!
John Rosow is a private investigator. And an alcoholic. He just got the case of his life.
Broadway Stage Hit . . . Now on the Screen !
You see it without special glasses !
The breath-taking race for Hollywood's highest award!
The Jew Who Dealt With Nazis.
Sometimes what's in your head isn't as crazy as you think.
...leaves a taste of evil!
Business is a lot like sex ... getting in is easy, pulling out is hard.
Everyone's got an opinion.
The last thing his victims saw... was his camera.
A Young Swedish Movie Event -The First Love
The Entertainment Miracle Of All Times!
They're young, sexy and fully loaded.
One lake, a million birds, an incredible story!
A comedy about sex, love and a nose job...
Unfortunately a true love story
A comedy about a New York City couple in romantic crisis
His idea of Field Manuevers weren't military -- he thought they meant a petting party! While the other
We have invaded Silo 3. We are prepared to launch nine nuclear missiles. We demand ten million dollars, Air Force One... and you, Mr President.
The Original Classic
The story of a girl who meets her one true love... Twice
Innocence dies. Abby doesn't.
The Impossible True Story
If you've never seen a ghost... Look closer.
Bad Things Happen For A Reason
What doesn't kill you... is going to marry your brother.
A comedy about taking it one step at a time.
Don't let anyone tell you what it is.
Is Christianity Good For The World?
Death Lives Here
Some People Tell Lies. Others Live Them.
How far would you go to survive?
Let the feeding begin.
Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy together for the first time!
The continuation of James A. Michener's epic novel, Hawaii!
So amazing you won't believe your eyes!
The film that cost $20,000,000,000,000 to make.
After Six Years, They're No Longer Aliens. They're Residents
The heroes of Krynn take a stand against evil!
The Super-Corporation of Crime!
An extraordinary journey of how far we go to fight for our family.
Let them talk.
Bran Nue Dae
One of Life's Happiest Experiences is MARCHING YOUR WAY!
He's the cheekiest man in town!
IT TOPS "TOPPER" BY A HUNDRED HOWLS!
A physical comedy about yearning
These students have everything they need. Except time.
The motion picture that puts a man on the moon and you follow him every terrifying second of the way.
Temptation is a thing called money and a red-lipped blonde !
This is the story of that Forsyte woman and the mens who were such fools about her.
All aboard the train of mysterious events!
When life loses its wonder, all it takes is one person who still believes in magic.
Let Life In.
What can you do for your country?
VIOLENCE-DRENCHED VARIETY
THE 'MOUTHPIECE': "They're crooked...but the money's good!" MR. BIG: "I run this town...and nobody quits me!" THE PUNK: Never let him get a girl in a corner...
Winning isn't always black and white.
The Frog brothers are back for blood
Blow your mind.
Hollywood screenwriters finally get the last word.
A documentary about screenwriters for dreamers everywhere.
The most fun you can get at a fetish event without actually having to dress up!
It takes a village to unite the most divided people on earth.
WISE-CRACKING! SMART-ALECK! LOVABLE!
This is Mrs. Rojack. Be glad you're not Mr. Rojack.
Are you TIRED of the expected?
Seven Days
Evil will rise.
Sleepwalking Can Be Deadly
Don't try this at home
One platoon, one valley, one year
Driven to Hell
What Are You So Afraid Of?
Don't walk into the dark.
A documentary film crew takes a look at the inspiration behind artist John Bolton's painting.
The fate of our country won't be decided on a battlefield, it will be determined in a classroom.
Blood is thicker than water. Nothing is thicker than thieves.
It's Gone Wrong! It's Gone Wild!
Between Ellen and Jill came Paul...
UNCLE SAM'S UNDERWATER COMMANDOS!
Still armed. Still dangerous. Still got it.
He's all action... He's all man... He's all over the place!
There's hope and heart-ache in the adventures of a stage-struck daughter!
When We Are Pushed To The Edge We Discover The Line Between Justice And Revenge
Only One Has The Power To Save Their Souls
The Devil's Playground is Just Around The Corner
Sinister things begin happening to kidnappers who are holding a young boy for ransom in a remote cabin.
Where Lies Intersect The Truth
Look at him now, look at him all the time.
He's broken every heart except his own... until now.
In the face of terror, their greatest weapon was faith...
In 2009 you demanded it. Nothing can prepare you for what's next.
A duty to protect. A heart for vengeance.
This is no field of dreams!
Great is the word for...COUNSELLOR AT LAW!
A deadly secret is coming home.
When you see this man... Dial 1119!
The intimacy of the kill
Touched by death. Changed by life.
In an age of darkness one man will face the ultimate battle against evil.
One deadly tournament. Last fight for freedom.
The Traps Come Alive
Leave Your Comfort Zone
Mr. Chips Is Back In A New Thrilling Romance!
There is no force more powerful than the will to live.
His brain is off the chain.
Molly really knows how to cut men down to size!!
The merriest pair on the screen in a great new musical show!
The agonizing pause between the honeymoon and the marriage!
GOT A HEART? Here's the picture for it!
In the era of personal branding, the scariest possibility is that someone might be better at being you than you are.
A Cold-Shiver MYSTERY With Hot-Rhythm MUSIC!
How do you tell people you love, you love to do it on your own?
Who Can Sleep With Brows on the Prowl?!!
In a House, Everyone Can Hear You Scream
He's Turtly Amazing
Wife. Mother. Spy.
The brawling, colorful story of the queen of hearts and the ace of gamblers... with a shock climax such as the screen has never known!
Inspired by the true story of bathing beauties!
A wrong girl for the right side of the tracks.
The first to die were the lucky ones!
If you can't have the real thing... you do all kinds of unreal things.
Sometimes we could all use a little kick-start!
Sometimes Death Is Not So Natural
THE THRILLING AND COLORFUL LAST DAYS OF AMERICA'S MOST FABULOUS OUTLAW...POWERFULLY WRITTEN IN GUNSMOKE!
The One-Man War Against The Comancheros!
A film by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
A tournament of legends.
A Modern Aladdin Who Could make Women Do Things!
1,000,000 Tons. 100,000 Lives. 100 Minutes.
Breakfast TV just got interesting.
What if you had 72 hours to save everything you live for?
They said 'Take her out'. He got the wrong idea.
The man who hijacked the world
You don't choose your family. We all belong to somebody, but to belong to Uxbal and Marambra, is both a blessing and a curse.
One Way‰Û_ One Fate‰Û_ One Hero.
Find your voice.
They're taking adventure to new lengths.
When giants clash, a woman trembles!
Children of Ice And Darkness! They Are the Lurking Unseen Evil You Dare Not Face Alone!
Forbidden Love...Fatal Consequences
With a Great Cast of Stars! Bathing Beauties! Songs and Spectacle!
Rage and intolerance collide with compassion
So Terrifying You'll Wish It Were Only a Movie!
Two war correspondents. Only one comes back.
The true story of a multi-billion dollar art heist and how they got away with it.
Every dream deserves a fighting chance.
They're not gigolos, they're gentlemen.
He survived three years of hard time. Now comes a little family time.
Marriage and temptation
The most gripping motion picture you've ever seen!
Actually produced during the Great Newfoundland Seal Hunt and You see the REAL thing
Pray That You Drown First
True story of the Cocaine Queen.
a mystery. a cover up. a crime. one family will risk everything for the truth.
Don't break her heart
Hitch a Ride ... Hitch a Date with Death!
Can a Woman Kill a Man With Who She Has Known a Night of Love ?
Honor. Integrity. Principles. Everything is negotiable.
Some secrets have the power to change the course of history.
A Sensational Film That Puts the Finger On Today's Biggest Business... Crime!
Not every criminal wants to be one.
Don't look up
There are a couple of ways to avoid death....one is to be magnificent
Barney wanted women in the worst way... and thats the way he got them!
Every family has its ghosts.
Their affair took on a life of its own.
"One more step and I'll fill your guts with lead!"
Honor. Loyalty. Betrayal.
Love is never ugly.
Addicted to one-night stands or dependent on one another?
Return to magic. Return to hope. Return to Narnia.
Aura would like you to know that she is having a very, very hard time.
His NEW sensational Role!
The 'It's Alive' Baby is back... Only now there are three of them.
There should be a law against knowing the things I found out about men!
Human Emotion Stripped Raw!
It's Sensational!
It all started when he met a woman
Control. Alter. Delete.
The True Story of How One Man's Faith Uplifted a Nation
Dangerous Love. Jealous Love. Forbidden Love.
He knows if you've been naughty. He knows if you've been nice. And he doesn't give a sh*t.
Spin. Aim. Survive.
The meaning of life is discovered in the experience.
What if your worst nightmare‰Û_ turned out to be you?
A documentary on the extremes to which workers will go to earn a living.
It's time to speak of unspoken things...
DOUBLE HANGING -- DOUBLE THRILLS!
Introducing COFFIN ED and GRAVEDIGGER, two detectives only a mother could love.
A Little Fortune Hunter...A Bankrupt Playboy...Both Out to Marry Money..And Laugh at Love!
A film producer struggles with suicidal despair.
Out of an uncharted universe - comes an experience of unearthly beauty...
Once there was a little boy who wanted to die...
Run. Hide. Survive.
Victor Crowley Lives Again
A super hip horror movie
The perfect love story. Until it became the perfect crime.
United by revolution, divided by the past
Just one weakness.... Just one.
Can a man really change?
Where were you when everything changed?
Punishment Comes One Way or Another.
The Game Has Changed.
They do something worse than kill. They multiply.
WANTED FOR MURDER WILLIAM BONNEY ALIAS "BILLY THE KID"
How do you know it's love?
First he got married. Then he got married again. Then he met the love of his life.
Folks, meet a grand FATHER! He's the affable, laffable head of the most delightful family that ever stepped out of America's screens...into America's hearts!
In America, we give our lives to our jobs. It's time to take them back.
James Fenimore Cooper's Greatest Tale Of Rousing Adventure!
When a red-headed woman meets a red-headed man!
Some species are better off dead.
Your beating heart,your pounding pulse will tell you it's the most exciting musical love story ever told!
Imagine that.
For every woman ready to exhale, there is a man waiting to inhale
When you're in love, nothing else matters
A Teenage Story In The Middle Of Nowhere
Something is eating the residents of Exceptional Vista!
Abandon all compassion.
Most movies last less than two hours! This is one of everlasting torment!
Bright Lights, Lost souls...
The first lady gunfighter.
"Take Your Choice...Either I Speak...Or My Pistols Do!"
...and the name of the game is Mickey!
They want to play with you...
Immortal. Insatiable.
When these guns go off they set off the biggest screen explosion about the violence-and-vice merchants ever made public!
Slow Justice is no Justice
She lives by instinct with no sense of right or wrong.
The only way out is through.
The Only Thing Gayer Than April in Paris is Bergman in Paris!
Every Family Has a Story to Hide
You could win an education
Kids bring everyone closer, right?
Something big is going down.
Can you depend on your family?
MERLE ropes Gary! GARY brands Merle!
Since 8:00, Joey's been stabbed, chased, followed by the cops, made love to, and accused of murder. It's 8:45.
Every Child Needs A Role Model
This sister is one bad mother!
Half of democracy is just showing up.
How to win a girl's heart
One American's Journey into the Truth
A million dollar fake
What Do You Think Happens When You Die?
A merry romance packed with fun!
In The African Heat, One Woman Stands Alone
Alone. Stranded. No One to Trust.
A rolling wall of hell that couldn't be stopped... A handful of men who had to stop it!
¾ÏÛŒ__ãö_ÛÉ
It takes a legend... to make a star
Looking for a straight answer?
An Enchanting Beauty. A Princely Beast. An Epic Tale.
Do not be seen by humans. That's been the law of children of the underfloor.
Evil just messed with the wrong hillbillies.
He has nothing to hide but does he have nothing to fear?
Guns, Gangsters, Pimps & Prostitutes. Wonderland just got dirtier.
Life's a Pic-A-Nic
Demand Zero.
Terror from the depths of hell!
How they fought those last 500 miles will remain forever in your memory!
Documentary about the history of Pixar animation
The Master Of Horror Is Back
Navajo revenge slashes ...burns ...ravages the screen!
The Wood family doesn't know it. But the old house they've just bought is already occupied... by a psychopathic killer.
In the fight for equal rights, an ordinary woman achieves something extraordinary.
What happens in the world's largest trash city will transform you.
He wants YOU to have his baby
Temptation can lead anywhere.
They put the ball in baseball.
A great short delivered with wit, imagination and hilarious physical comedy
It takes two to skidoo.
Ignite your senses and behold the wonder
He Was A Magician. A Madman. A Savior And Seducer....
You're in for a hell of a ride.
Breaking the Law to Protect It.
Warner Bros. present the motion picture that reaches deep inside you!
The Red Phone... His Mistress... Her Rival... Hurling Him to the Edge of Space... Freezing Her Love on the Edge of Time!
Their escape was just the beginning.
Assassin. Hero. Legend.
The robbery that rocked Monte Carlo!
Can we ever change the past?
A top-notch cast... in a film that will capture your heart!
Toys in the Attic Plays With Fire!
It's Hep! It's Hot! It's Hilarious!
Some fight. Others fall. All are heroes.
Die but don't surrender
Not all souls can be saved.
They were worshipped as national saints. Hated as traitors. Their marriage spanned from the worst kind of betrayal to the greatest love...
Macabre, haunting and wonderful
Today's U-boat terror makes this the year's timeliest picture!
"Shaddup!"
The past is the present and future in Alain Resnais' new time machine.
Zay It, Zee It and Zoon!
First Contact. Last Stand.
Finnish Gypsy rock'n'roll icon Andy McCoy - a true story
From a million years back...Horror explodes into today!
Meet the Hippies...the Teenyboppers with their too-tight capris...and the Pot-Partygoers - out for a new thrill...a new kick!
ONLY THE MAN WHO WROTE PSYCHO COULD JOLT YOU LIKE THIS
U.S. Marine Raiders in Action...Blasting Their Way To Tokyo!
In a second, their life will change...
Innocence isn't lost. It's taken.
In 1942 The Nazi Propaganda Machine Was Hard at Work. 70 Years Later, The Deceit is Finally Unmasked.
MGM presents The Great TECHNICOLOR Drama of the Sea !
Marriage is a 30 billion dollar business! And that's just to get married.
When his world was stolen, Mark Hogancamp made a world of his own.
Not Just Another "Motion Picture" -- "Street Angel Is the Masterpiece of All Time"
Two best friends. Nothing could come between them... or could it?
Turn back, look forward
2 GRAND BANDS! JIMMY LUNCEFORD'S and WILL OSBORNE'S! MUSIC GALORE!
Honeymoon's over... it's time to get married.
Prey for them
GLAMOROUS BUENOS AIRES NIGHT LIFE WITH SOUTH AMERICAN'S TANTALIZING, TORRID-VOICED CARMEN MIRANDA
Eat, drink and try not to kill each other.
With the world on the brink of war, and the Nazi influence growing in South America, the U.S. Government sought help from a bunch of artists.
Evolve to Solve!
A light bulb won't solve global warming. This guy's bright ideas just might.
At last the search was over...
A KISS and HISTORY IS MADE AT NIGHT
When Opportunity Knocks, Answer at Your Own Risk
Where Fantasies are Real & Reality is Fantastic.
Four men and one woman are the last five people on Earth...This is their story!
Watch out for THE PROWLER
What if a pill could make you rich and powerful?
The director of Cave of Forgotten Dreams and Grizzly Man takes you on an epic journey into the heart of the Siberian wilderness
A show where one woman reconciles herself to being Carrie Fisher.
She'll go from riches to rags to find the one and only.
In The War Between Heaven and Earth, Salvation is Machine
It's Date Night
A dangerous game is about to begin
Spain Conquered the New World for Gold 500 Years Later, Water is Gold Not Much Else has Changed...
It's 1947's Richest Comedy!
Drama...Comedy...Power...Wit...Impact...A Remarkable Film!
Durbin... In her most dramatic glory.
How do you catch a killer you've already caught?
If you don't forward it, you die.
This Shit's Got to Go!
Rosemary's baby rocked millions. Now, Satan's child comes of age!
Behind Every Fighter Pilot Is A Dream
Tough Baby - a wonderful love story with the star of
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's Great $5,000 Title Contest Picture
Tense! Timely! Thrilling!
MGM's happy-go-lucky Technicolor musical!
A Tribute to John Cazale
Theirs was the great sin that even the great rains could not wash away!
Friendship has its benefits.
Seduction. Betrayal. Death. There's an Art to Everything.
This Case is a Dangerous Game of Life and Death
You can only defeat it when you believe.
Fighting Back Is The Only Way Out
The measure of a man lies not in what he says, but what he does.
Are His Powers More Than Magic?
The Wildest Mobster of the Roaring Twenties!
Remember my name‰Û_ or else.
FILMED ON THE SPOT BEHIND PRISON WALLS!
Dreams. 5 cents.
A Global Documentary Of Local Proportions
The suspense thriller of the year !
An epidemic is in their hands
Many voices. One poem.
A riches to rags story.
It doesn't matter where you've been as long as you come back strong.
Take Back Your Life
The only way out is down.
Today is the first day... of the rest of his weekend.
Behind the world you know is a darkness you never imagined.
A little adventure goes a lawn way.
They'll Scuttle Your Blues To the Bottom of the Sea!
In the south western Pennsylvania area of colonial America in the 1760s, colonial distaste and disapproval of the British government is starting to surface. Many local colonists have been killed by American Indians who are armed with rifles supplied by white traders.
MGM's Great Technicolor Romance!
A New Excitement in Screen Entertainment!
Hollywood Parade Of Stars In Gay Romance
The Miracle of Pictures
No Job Too Small. No Body Too Big. No Questions Asked.
The hands of Jack the Ripper live again...
Once in a life time, There comes a moment that you live in HOPE
Stay in the light.
Find a good hiding place.
Welcome to the neighborhood...
If you're hairy, you belong on a motorbike!
Money. Sex. Power. Betrayal.
Who's up for a close encounter?
Two brothers meet at their mother's funeral, each in his way on a path of self-destruction, both haunted by a tragedy in their youth.
They exist. They bear the mark of the devil inside them. They may be your neighbors. They may be your wife, husband, sweetheart. They may even be your children. Their time has come.
Did she...or did she?
The adventures of a young man whose principle interests are snails, salt, a pipe, and how to get home. As tormented by a hubristic, racist inner psyche.
If It Were In Your Power‰Û_Would You Sacrifice Your Wife‰Û_Your Children For Immortality? This Is The Story Of A Man Who Did!
Danila returns!
The extraordinary true story of the woman who crossed the desert and changed the world.
IT'S THE TOP! A New Kind of Musical with 16 Great Songs!
A Comedy Of Ethnic Proportions
The strange saga of the Johnny Reb who turned Sioux to wage a one-man war against the Yankees !
One hell of a ride.
Heroes come in all different colors.
Best. Night. Ever.
Fight for your fate.
Breath-taking Adventure !
A couple of variables
Resistance fighters battle the Nazis in occupied Norway
Go Get Yourself Loved
The story of a vow that a woman broke and a man kept
In the dark, when I feel his heart pounding against mine - is it love? or frenzy? or terror?
The Truth is Terrifying.
Someone has to fix the problems.
One Week, No Rules
The destiny of a soldier. The honour of a slave. The fate of an empire.
Three like him have already been killed‰Û_he is Number Four.
Which one is the first to return - memory or the murderer?
Beware of thy neighbor.
She dreamed of justice and fought for it in a place called Wounded Knee.
It's not war. It's survival.
You Must See It From the Beginning To Feel The Shock-Impact of the End!
The BIG bank-heist is on!
Charles Farrell in his greatest role
Nothing is ever black or white.
The most moving story of a devoted female teacher and her twelve small pupils
Mom needs a little space.
The Greatest Mystery Is How It All Began.
Cleaver. Cleaver. Chop. Chop. First the mom and then the pop. Then we'll get the pretty girl. We'll get her right between the curl.
Give'r Again
Ruh-Roh! They're in too deep and way over their heads!
In 1998, 1 million ecstasy pills were smuggled into the USA by a group of Hasidic Jews.
M-G-M's Great American Musical!
Nostalgia for Love
It's POOH-fectly TIGGER-ific and it's ALL NEW
Discover the love of a lifetime
This Ain't No Hula!
The masterminds of the organized crime in Rio
You have to lose yourself before you can find yourself
You don't have to be a Rockefeller to collect art.
An amazing true story of love, courage, and destiny at the top of the world.
Sometimes a guy's best wingman... is a wingwoman
France, 1977: Women's Liberation is in the air
Kate Douglas Wiggin's Memorable Novel
The Romance of a Shopgirl's Millions
Humanity's Lost Masterpiece... in 3D
Who's afraid?
Momma's got back-up.
Shut up, crime!
Send in the clowns... send in the crowds... the Tony-Award winning musical is now a lot of movie!
You believe it when you see it!
Make Every Second Count
She sought refuge... and found a place haunted by secrets.
LIGHT-HEARTED ROMANCE! LIGHT-HEADED COMEDY! WITH A GREAT LOVER!
Broadway's dramatic thunderbolt!
You will be unprepared
Don't Get Mad. Get Evil.
I worked too hard. And too long. I aint goin down without a fight.
Run to live... kill to survive.
It's a Wog Life
How to marry a billionaire.
How Far Will A Father Go To Protect The Ones He Loves?
The lies of adults raise little monsters.
Passion wears a mask of terror in this strangest of all games!
See and Hear the spectacle of the ages!
A look at the obsessive urban male Japanese society.
A very uncivil comedy
In 1991, filmmaker John Hughes disappeared from Hollywood. In 2008, four filmmakers went to find him.
BENEATH HILL 60 featuring Captain Woodward MC commanding the Australian Hill 60 Tunnelers of World War 1
The legend of the greatest driver who ever lived.
The last name to be written in the DEATH NOTE... Whose name will it be?
It's not the house that's haunted.
The Road to Civilisation is Not Always Civilised
Here's the gay, glorious story of a war correspondent and a war ace...a romance that could happen only in 1940!
Delivering justice, one shell at a time...
The final death note showdown!
In the game of life, you can't lose 'em all.
Behind the wall of this prison is a man traning to challenge the Olympic record..
One night of passion that will change their lives
The mightiest naval drama of all time!
They were damned good cowboys, until they robbed a bank.
TOUGH AS A DESERT CACTUS!
This motion picture is conceived to erase the memory of Leslie Braverman who had the poor taste to drop dead, without warning, thereby inflicting on his family and friends all sorts of burdensome inconveniences--like, for openers, the funeral.
When the goat speaks...listen.
Being outlaws was rougher than they thought
Meet Your Maker.
The world's first 'green' movie!
Summer, Girls, Gangs, Drugs ... its not easy being eleven.
The Necessities of Life
Welcome to the next grade
World famous shock!
The real crime is not committing to your dreams.
Candy, chicks and rock 'n' roll.
You've Been A Bad Kid
The joy of the New York City Ballet in an exciting family holiday motion picture.
A Documentary Re-Invented
Take up your sword.
Be cool. You're so cool. Life is cool in Cracktown.
Adapt or die.
Kick some kut
It's everything it's quacked up to be
Meet the world's only loveable billionaire.
New Decade. New Rules.
1 out of every 8 Americans is afraid of flying. Most of them don't have feathers.
Love. Conflict. Betrayal.
Two hours from now, two total strangers will meet at a hotel convention in the most unconventional love affair in years!
At last it's here!
Stop shooting at our moon!
Profound and astounding
Enjoy it while it lasts
The Greatest Victories are Born in the Heart
Two worlds. One hero.
BATTLE-HEAT! Untamed men clash in a well of violence!
The rest of the Jolson story
We are all searching for something
Who is John Galt?
Trapped!
This year the great suspense drama is PUSHOVER The Story of temptation
"People make love for so many crazy reasons-- why shouldn't money be one of them?" - The Gospel According To Saint Jack
Sometimes a first love becomes a last love
She Thought She Was Living Alone
I'm a Teacher. I'm a Singer. I'm a Writer.
Love and courage pitted against a ruthless hate!
Three brothers. One destiny. Freedom at all costs.
YES, this beautiful American girl in the arms of a Japanese boy!
Youth Is Wasted On The Young
When Your Nightmare Ends, the Real Terror Begins!
Having It All Would Cost Her Everything.
Service. It's the family business.
How Did a Handfull of Corporations Steal Our Water?
A romantic drama
Life is the most spectacular show on earth.
M.G.M.'s magic musical in Technicolor
Beneath Modern London Lives a Tribe of Once Humans. Neither Men Nor Women‰Û_ They Are the Raw Meat Of The Human Race!
He has some questions.
The untold story of Planned Obsolescence
Make Love, Not War
Sometimes, love really is a bitch.
Freedom is costly
The man the mob couldn't kill.
The Tsar is dead. Chaos reigns.
Get the Fifth Gear.
...EXPLOSIVE HATE DRAMA OF THE FURY OF A LYNCH-MAD MOB!! ...A STORY YOU'LL NEVER FORGET!
James CAGNEY - Pat O'BRIEN And The Whole U. S. FLEET!
Here's a thrill, new and gay! It's a dance filled holiday!
Go ahead and say it...I'm no good!
The Picture Of The Hour! France In Open Revolt! Leaping From The Headlines! The Underground Of Paris!
These are the Daughters of Darkness‰Û_ They are waiting for you - They thrive on BLOOD
Kosmos is the story of a thief who works miracles.
It's Not Just a Parking Lot. It's a Battle With Humanity.
Young. Wild. Hungry.
Evil has surfaced.
The search began at the opening of their mother's will.
Town population is down... about six feet
When you come back from a loss, beat the odds, and never say never, you find a champion.
It's a thin line between love and friendship.
To Toss is to Live!
Save the date
Vampire Killer
Polygamy Can Be Murder
Are you ready for the love of your life in your early twenties?
She found her voice in the ocean... And within herself.
He's here to save Walter's life.
ROMANCE...COMEDY...THRILLS...with Uncle Sam's fighting
She made a career out of love.
Mightiest Monster In All Creation Ravishing a Universe for Love
How far would you go?
Live Forever Or Die Trying.
Nothing to lose, nothing to compromise.
A woman of beauty...who wielded ruthless power over men!
He stole her jewels -- but that wasn't all!
Nothing stands still.
The Paper Lion is about to get creamed!
Now He Knew Her as Other Men Had!
A WOMAN IN "JEOPARDY"
Love what you eat
The Wolfpack Is Back
He's lost his belief in everything but love.
If you meet your double, you should kill him.
Who can you trust when the world is falling apart?
Does History Repeat Itself?
It's not always who you think.
Your worst fears are waiting...
History Needs Extraordinary Heroes
Did God create Man or did Man create God?
Monsters of mass destruction.
On June 28, 1968, Everything Changed.
HEXED BY THE EVIL EYE
Dance, dance, otherwise we are lost.
"Sorry, your party is dead..."
2,000 colleges. 8 million roommates. Which one will you get?
His scar marked them both!!!
What took her family years to build, a stranger stole in an instant.
Don't forget to breathe...
A group therapy for sex addicts
Those funny, furry, forest friends are back with another great adventure.
They know Everything but the Truth
The story behind one of the most famous unfinished films
Secrets from the past don't stay buried.
An abandoned child brings the colors of love into their lives.
They took the wrong flight to cure their fear.
A romance. A robbery. A mystery.
A screwball Irish wedding comedy
Inner City vs. Outer Space
You don't choose a life. You live one.
A comic western legend
The light runs out
Meet Carys. She's a mourning person...
DYNAMITE hits the screen with their kind of love!
Prepare for the Year of Awesomeness!
Witness the moment that will change our world.
A comedy that doesn't let principles stand in the way of progress.
The screen's first dramatic musical
Fries of youth and courage that will set your heart ablaze! The love-romance that Broadway held dear to its heart for four months!
One of the most notorious unsolved crimes in history.
Love makes everything possible.
Giving Audiences What They Want Since the Dawn of Motion Pictures.
Hundra Ollar fÌ¦r en Stig
Two names. One truth. A whole life ahead.
Lost is a good place to find yourself
Three lives... bound together in blood
This is what love feels like.
It Arrives.
Winning is Just the Beginning Surviving is Another Story
A hit comedy about losing
Look after those that look after you F*ck off those that f*ck off you
Our fate is in his hands . . .  He just doesn't know it yet
In our darkest hour, there will be light.
The Three-Headed Monster battles Godzilla, Mothra and Rodan for the world!
From adult film star to functioning adult.
Would you cheat on your partner when they needed you most?
The bloodiest fight in NHL history wasn't on the ice.
She doesn't give an F.
Marriage is an institution they're committed to.
They branded her adulteress!
HE CHANGED THE MAP of the World!
MGM's gold mine of entertainment in Cinemascope and color!
M-G-M's ship-shapey musical!
Follow the Gay Parade!
She was too dangerous to love!
Who really set the town aflame?...
The invasion we always feared. An enemy we never expected.
Rediscover life and love
Get your quest on.
They went looking for evil in the forest but the forest found evil in them
The Husband for sale - bought for $3 million. The Daughter - a virgin eager to make up for lost time. The Novelist who couldn't live the fantasies he wrote about.
Girls!  There's a new passion in your life!
His Love-Making was as Dangerous as His Sword-Play
Supermegatotally thrilladelic
You're never too young to have a plan
Do you know who your friends are?
Enter into a world of saints and martyrs battling against spies, assassins and wolves in sheep‰Ûªs clothing.
Death comes in twos.
We all have secrets. John's are just a lot stranger.
Welcome to Earth... Population: Zero.
ALL-TALKING!...ALL-THRILLS!
Two Women, One Love, Dozens Of Stories
OWEN DAVIS' NEW YORK STAGE SUCCESS OF A LOVABLE IDLER'S TRIUMPHS!
Thatcher's Britain with her knickers down
Blinded by the fury of passion - by the despair of a lost love -- she had not reckoned with "The Letter"
Don't get caught with your pants down!
Who's Taking Who?
Imagine the possibilities.
The most dangerous road in the world conceals an even deadlier secret.
It's 10 p.m. Do you know where your mother is?
Welcome to his jungle.
Ever wish your boss was dead?
One man. One alien. One choice.
No Script, No Budget, No Film -- No Problem!
Ka-ciao!
Every man has a dream that must be realised... a love that must come true... a life that must not stop.
Peter Carey M.D.: arrives from the coast - finds hypocrisy in a big Boston hospital - and a brilliant surgeon accused of abortion that turns to murder.
Megan and Amy are best friends. They share secrets. They chat with guys online. And in a few days, they will never be seen again.
GRETA GARBO AND CONRAD NAGEL The Screen's Newest Discovery of Perfect Young Lovers
Only Sanity Can Keep You Alive
Makes room for your broadest grins and your longest laughs!
This year, the biggest story is their own.
The first all-talking sound-on-film feature.
Inside you see the terrors of organized crime - the land of cross and double-cross - where the best you can get is the worst of it!
What she doesn't know could kill her.
How could she extend the moments he had given her?
Look who's flying into the blue!
Deeper than you ever feared
The King Lives On!
Is Justice Being Served?
When Harry comes to town, he brings good times, bad times... And a lot of trouble!
A Summer They'll Never Forget
Let the fun begin again.
Happiness in feeling secure
S#!t Happens
Stay Frosty!
The story of ‰ÛªThe most Rock ‰Û÷n‰Ûª Roll label ever‰Ûª
She's having the time of someone else's life.
Dinner Parties Are A Dying Art.
It all ends here.
There are no clean getaways.
Ambition. Manipulation. Revenge.
A kind of loving that knew no wrong until it was too late!
When patriots become heroes
One boy wants her love. One boy wants her dead.
Two Sexy Rebels ... In The Wildest Lockup Yet!
This Is Stupid
In the tradition of Hemingway and Bogart.
T-H-R-I-L-L AMERICA! Here come The Flying "HELL CATS"!
The greatest adventure romance in Cecil B De Mille's glorious gallery of screen triumphs!
Twenty years. Two people.
Lust, drugs and violence... no place for a kid.
Born into one world, destined for another.
See the bombing of Tokyo before your very eyes
Lured By Love Into The Relentless Grip Of The World's Most Dreaded TERROR!
Holds you... like a gold diggin' woman!
The FBI are about to discover that things work a little differently around here.
He's a dreamer, stuck in the real world.
The most deadly mutant virus just went airborne... and escape is not an option.
Oh Pooh.
Not every monster lives in the wild.
A locker room look at the toughest broads in the world!
Meet.... MR. MOTO the foxiest detective of them all!
The family just got bigger.
Here are the virile, violent facts that caused the most famous jury verdict in history...
Behind every conspiracy lies an incredible truth.
Street of rogues... reporters... and romance!
Smurf Happens.
The girl knew about the wife. The wife knew about the girl. It was all part of the arrangement.
No pulse? No problem
Sarah Palin's Unprecedented Rise to Political Prominence
Don't live your life in black and white.
Some friends come with a happy ending.
Her Greatest Dramatic Role !
Luke Fargo was through with sin... but sin wasn't through with Luke Fargo!
20th Century-Fox hilariously declares a national laugh holiday, as the cast of the year brings the #1 fun best-seller howlingly alive!
A ride you'll never forget...
What is Real?
A Pawsome 3D Adventure
Now the screen tells what makes a woman - and what breaks her!
Fun in the Sun with the Young and Reckless
...The ultimate con
Beautiful. Frigid. She is Called a Snow Queen.
THE TAP-HAPPIEST, SWING-SINGIEST, MELODIC MIRACLE SINCE "ZIEGFELD GIRL"!
She lived at the edge of life - with out-stretched arms . . . too short to reach it! Romance - a baffling reality.
It's cop-killer versus killer-cop.
FUN...when Crosby croons himself out of jail and lands on a merry-go-round with the meanest of brats!
An Epic Life He Could Only Imagine
The epic journey to find Judy!
Why Would You Want to Be Normal?
Terror you won't want to remember - In a film you won't be able to forget.
The only thing he must not have crossed.
Paying his ransom won't bury his secrets.
Everybody has one
Five Tales of Terror to Quench Your Thirst for Horror
Between the living and the dead, eviil is waiting.
Her heart was torn between love and the future of Hawaii...
10 killer drivers, 20,000 rounds of ammo. 1 survivor.
Words can hurt.
Same family. Different country. A lot more baggage.
It happend on a honeymoon!
Evolution Becomes Revolution.
Delightfully Produced By The Makers Of
A new concept in the macabre in which the Good come out of the grave and the Evil are sent to fill the vacancy.
The original, non-musical film version of the book which inspired "Fiddler on the Roof".
Who says men can't change?
Violence Is Their Way of Life
Change begins with a whisper.
A lot can happen in 30 minutes.
Here's how to guarantee a high time!
The revolution begins in high school
Count on the unexpected.
GAY, ROMANTIC COMEDY AT IT'S BREEZIEST, MERRIEST BEST!
Love, Sex and Cough Syrup
We all share a common destination.
Something mysterious, new, unexpected and lovely is happening to Robert Malone.
One bullet killed the President. But not one man.
Christmas comes prematurely.
Lunar She-Devils Lure Earthmen Into Their Lair of Doom!
Peter Lorre gives you your greatest thrill
Miranda Has Everything!
Fear is never just make believe
You can't run from evil when it lives next door.
Sometimes life gives you the finger and sometimes it gives you...
You'll Catch Your Death.
The Most Dangerous Thing Is To Be Alive.
He's not selling out, he's buying in.
Every secret comes with a price.
Revenge is beautiful.
He who seeks beauty, will find it.
Things you always thought you knew but didn't
So this is what it is to be human‰Û_
If you believe, no explanation is necessary. If you don't believe, no explanation is possible.
The Beginning Of The End
Everyone is Suspect
Everyone needs a place to lie
It took a bunch of girls to make him man up.
Enter an age undreamed of
There are hundreds of nights in high school, but there‰Ûªs only one prom.
A drug-fuelled road trip in the 60s
Some secrets are best left buried.
This one grabs your heart!
Man's Own Creation! Can He Control Machines That Produce People?
The world will be a different place once you've seen it through his eyes.
Thrilling Book : Magnificent Picture
He just wants your skin
Why did the eagles and vultures attack?
New Century. New Rules.
This year four boys become men.
To capture the mother's heart, take the child's hand.
When It Comes To Love... Everyone Pays A Price.
Every City Needs Its Heroes
Fear God.
Sometimes Love Comes Twice in a Lifetime.
Seclusion. Seduction. Survival.
Every father wants more for his son.
He's the love of her life. She just doesn't know it yet.
When your mind is a mystery.  You can survive the wilderness. But can you escape your past?
If it were easy, men would do it too.
At Last On The Screen! The Mighty Story Of The World-Famous COMMANDOS!
GAY, MUSICAL COMEDY...SPARKLING WITH SPICY SITUATIONS!
Terror runs deep.
Love. Hard to find. Easy to fake.
Nothing spreads like fear
A Lady of Fire and Ice... A Rogue of Steel and Gallantry
You're not safe anymore...
Awaken to a World of Wonders!
Una sublime historia de amor
The Deadliest Trap in the World!
Everyone Has A Breaking Point
What are you really worth?
How Can You Save The Already Dead?
She ain't Mama's little girl no more!
To every man who plays for the love of the game....To every woman who has ever played the wonderful game of love.....We promise an experience of heart-warming warmth and excitement.
FAT, SICK & NEARLY DEAD is an inspiring film that chronicles Joe's personal mission to regain his health.
THE SINATRA SHOW
1/500th of a second to get the shot...a lifetime to forget it.
A jaded call-girl. A fledgling hooker. The night from hell.
Lets make this the most memorable road trip ever.
Who do you live for?
He'll make you pick up the pieces
Two men. One secret. No problem.
An adventure so big, one dimension isn't enough.
Police baffled by the FACELESS KILLER!
THREE SHOCKING MURDERS...did she DREAM them? ...or DO them?
A lost gay classic
Obscured by clouds
A Desperate Man Is A Dangerous Thing
Heavy metal goes medieval.
Lovely GRACE KELLY in a new kind of man-danger!
HAVE A FUN-FILLED VACATION! Toe-Tapping Machete Head Dances! Glamourous Zombie-Style Cosmetic Surgery! Fabulous Air-Conditioned Tiger Pits!
A Beauty Marooned With MURDER!
There are some evils...so unspeakable...they will scar you forever.
Some assembly required.
How do you find an enemy who is hidden right before your eyes?
Ugly truth, sweet lies.
Why deny what you desire the most.
...the most terrifying words a man ever whispered to a woman!
She went to sleep as a secretary ... and woke up a madman's "bride"!
Fight for Family
Lost in love, language and Littlerock.
The world's greatest detective has finally met his match.
Ablaze with excitement-Heart pounding romance Women never Forget!
In our family dad wore the pants but . . . Mother Wore Tights
Ambition seduces. Power corrupts.
The Greatest Picture of the Year!
M-G-M's musical melodrama of the Dancer and the Drummer!
VINA DELMAR'S novel of New York Life - BAD GIRL
May the best man live.
The music was then , the time is now
They did all the wrong things... The right way!
A love story with apocalyptic stakes.
It takes a pair to beat the odds.
Their lives will never be the same.
Only one rider can destroy the Omega Force.
An offer too good to be true... it just might be.
ON THE SCREEN...America's Favorite Hero!
A Breath Of Fresh Vintage Air
They're making a movie... And it's gone pear-shaped!
where will the bodies turn up next? ...under a car seat? ...in a valise? ...or in a deep-freeze?
Soon Every Home Will Have a Robot Helper. Don't Worry, Your Kids Are Safe.
You'll double up laughing when you see Mr. Fun On The Run!
Human beings will always betray you. You can only trust the numbers.
A Place Where Nothing Is Forbidden!
Biting, Gnawing Terror Claws at Your Brain!
Is she the murderer, the victim, or both?
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
Is the monster man... fish... or devil?
No matter how lost you are, music can bring you home.
A BAREFOOT HILLBILLY FROM TEXAS DOES HIS STUFF IN THE YALE BOWL!
One of the HOTTER Topics Of Our Time...Now Scorches the Screen!
The Incomparable FERNANDEL...in a delightful 'tour de force'
Don't Believe Everything You Hear
Some calls are best left unanswered
THE NEW HIPPITY-HOP MUSICAL!
M-G-M's Technicolor fiesta!
By mistake they killed his wife and child - THAT was a hell of a mistake!
A film that goes where no other has dared.
One...two...three Samurai filling the giant screen with flashing swordplay
If you get one shot, make it real.
Who survives? Who would want to survive?
There's no wisdom worth having that isn't hard won
What gave us our beginning, will lead to our end.
Sometimes the best ideas are homegrown.
The true story of baseball's most famous scapegoat.
There comes a time to cut loose
It's Not Human. Yet.
49% Motherf**ker, 51% Son Of A Bitch
To confront the truth, first they had to face each other.
The Arc does not exist
He was no ordinary killer... She was no ordinary victim... This is no ordinary motion picture!
You can get away. But you can never escape.
The fate of the world hangs in the balance in this explosive action-thriller.
Every legend has a new beginning.
Time Is Power
Love. Murder. Revenge.
Five Tales That Will F#%! You Up For Life
A new comedy of no manners
Twice the fire... double the power!
Be first. Be smarter. Or cheat.
The true Story of an AUSTRALIA girl who learn the mysticen of LEAK BALI. (Bali). The tremendous mysticen of LEAK Bali, is always feared the people of Bali ever and ever.
Love! Hate! Pride! Passion! Rampant, Riotous In the Heat of a Southern Sun!
In The Year 2019, The Future Depends on One Man.
It's Gotta Be A Great Picture! It has a new color process... TRUCOLOR!... a great western star... Monte Hale... and All your greatest western favorites... in an exciting outdoor adventure!
It Runs In The Family
Madman. Genius. Playboy. Friend. Fool. Lawyer.
Life starts now.
A story about finding love... sex... love
What do you do when everything between the two of you seems wrong? ...fall in love.
Hostile Alien Cyborgs in a Battle for the Universe
Dagwood Thinks He Has All The Answers... But Blondie Knows Best!
One man. One mission. No chance.
They stole his life. He's taking it back.
Never for money. Always for love.
A true story so brutal and horrifying it was kept from the public for over a century!
Making Real Life Isn't Easy
A comedy about infidelity, moose meat, white and coal-black lies, blowjobs and cottage cheese.
Ally's looking for the best ex of her life.
Once upon a time, there were two little girls who lived in a house.
Would You Want The Right To Choose When It's Your Time
NEW HIGHS in BLOOD CHILLING HORROR!
Meet Phillip and Marlowe, the post-nuclear private eyes. They're looking for good times and fast women. Their first case could be the world's last.
The hunt is on.
A merciless crime turns a man into an outlaw.
National Geographic presents America Before Columbus
Hope is the greatest weapon of all
You can't be what you can't see
Greatness is trivial
Was Shakespeare a Fraud?
43 Aliases. 89 Phone Lines. This is the Story of Howard Marks.
He's turning their dream house into a nightmare!
A True Soldier Never Leaves The Battlefield
A quartet of Neapolitan tales - four captivating stories - wry, delightful and dramatic with that special humor and temperament and that enduring zest for life that characterizes these volatile people...
"I could murder her in front of your eyes and you couldn't prove it," said the master criminal to the master detective. And so the game began...
Revenge in the driver's seat
For the past 90 years these three people have been heroes. Until now!
Love Bone Before He Loves You
From the author of
Ordinary guys. An extraordinary robbery.
The most powerful man in the world.
Keep your enemies close
Passion has a price.
Love it or leave it.
This year, discover how far adventure will take you.
It's Operation Laughter For You! and anything goes!
Serve. Protect. Lie.
There's a new kid in town.
I know what freedom is.
featuring the Stars of "Arabian Nights"
Finally, a movie about a band.
Another misery is coming... I can feel it.
She hated the child whose life stirred within her...because it was part of him whom she loathed and despised...
One of the most legendary directors of our time takes you on an extraordinary adventure.
When terror is at your doorstep. You can run. Or you can fight.
The gang war of the sexes!
The Gods need a hero.
His twin sister is coming for the holidays... ...and it ain't pretty.
One Illegal Immigrant, One Smuggling Debt, One Day to Pay Up
They gave him their love, their money and their online parodies. He gave them... the prequels.
The 80's were brilliant, if you were in charge.
Mark the date. You can't stop what's coming.
A Fight For Our Future
Is your family a safe environment?
At this wedding, the F-word stands for Family
In a land torn by strife, the righteous monks of Shaolin stand as a beacon of hope for the oppressed masses.
The scream you can hear is your own
Explorer... Warrior... Dreamer!
THE TRUE SAVAGE STORY OF WYATT EARP!
Love is a force of nature.
Terror to delight worshippers of the Macabre.
One man's struggle to catch his dreams.
Too young? Too old? You do the math.
A HUNDRED TIMES MORE THRILLING ON THE SCREEN!
Stop apologizing for sex, George Apley...you didn't invent it!
It's Insane -- It's Joyous
Great with a gun!
The South Pacific ain't that terrific.
I Want You. I Need You. I Love You. I Miss You.
They're closer than you think.
Forever is just the beginning
The Bird Has Come For Its Prey.
She'll charm you. Seduce you. She might even kill you.
Separated by War. Tested by Battle. Bound by Friendship.
One part outrage. One part justice. Three parts rum. Mix well.
THE GALS HAVE TAKEN OVER THE OLD WEST WITH RHYTHM!
A (sort of) love story between two guys over a cold weekend in October.
A strange love story.
Life Happens When You Least Expect It
He tried to divide his heart and broke theirs.
Reach your limits
Failure is an option.
They were the best of times. They were the worst of times...
Once upon a time....can happen again.
To be second is to be last.
A civilized weapon for uncivilized times
The Russians' Guide to Ripping Off London
Life is a force of nature
Some extra-terrestrials aren't friendly.
Worst. Babysitter. Ever.
This is not a story about September 11th, it's a story about every day after.
Can they... will they... stop that TERROR ON A TRAIN
He saw the future. And it was war.
Andy Griffith like you have never seen him before
she kissed him out of his life's savings... but the poor guy loved it
The most corrupt cop you've ever seen on screen
Every step counts.
Ever wonder how 2 Billion presents get delivered all in 1 night?
STORMING THE HEIGHTS OF MOTION PICTURE GREATNESS!
Meet The Speed Breed!
Hers was a strange love!
The story of a man apart... who brought faith to a youth, love to a woman, justice to a land!
Dream for the fences.
Set your sights on revenge
Too much sugar can kill you.
Two sets of bank robbers.  One very sticky heist.
Revenge Never Gets Old.
Back for War.
Mankind was not meant to mess with the ways of nature
M.G.M's Mammoth Technicolor Musical Spectacle!
May The Odds Be Ever In Your Favor.
What are the consequences of giving birth to your dead boyfriend?
The Legend Ends
There Was Never Just One
When life hammers you, get smashed
The game is afoot.
The story of one day on Earth.
Between the past and present lies a terrifying secret
A biography of the Danish actor and comedian, Dirch Passer
Nature teaches beasts to know their friends.
These Were The Ten Who Fought Indians, Outlaws And Each Other As They Rode To Greatness On The Stagecoach To Cheyenne!
They're on the bad side of the wrong man.
If we could tell a film, then why make a film?
Are you ready?
Everyone gets old. Not everyone grows up.
She saw the killer's face, but it keeps changing...
The one night anything is possible.
No Plan. No Backup. No Choice.
A True Zoo Story
Sparkling as Champagne! The Year's Musical Eye-ful!
Evil shall with evil be expelled.
Survive The Holidays
This holiday it's gonna get squeaky.
A man with a secret. A woman with a dream.
You can't hide in the dark
A love story between men and objects
Faith alone doesn‰Ûªt cut it anymore
Love. Happiness. Kids. Pick two.
The Nightmare is Real.
A man can be as strong as steel...but somewhere there's a woman who'll break him!
Love can change what we want‰Û_ war can change who we are
A white man - brutal leader of the world's last stand of the outlaw criminal!
Maybe Tomorrow. Maybe Never. Maybe.
The terror of Wall Street was a chump for this girl!
All the thrills of the roaring West!
Life Has No Recipe
Marking Ronald Reagan's 100th Birthday
The Most Powerful Force In Nature Is A Mother's Love
Even the Mafia Calls Him Mister!
THEY LIVE BY NIGHT...
Welcome To The United States
One night, ten bars, lots of mayhem.
The game solved by over 800 million people is finally being made into a movie!
The personal story behind a sex survey ... from the controversial best selling novel.
A Drama That Soars Half Way to Heaven and Reaches Half Way to Hell!
Who do you become when you can't be yourself?
It's a merry Muppet Christmas with Fozzie and friends!
A newlywed couple's honeymoon is upended by the arrivals of their respective sisters.
No soul is safe.
Only one can win it all.
What would you hide to protect your family?
Now I lay you down to sleep.
Dream a whole lot louder
The worst from the war, and the best from the men.
The young are always young, foolish and totally out of step.
Inspired by the amazing true story of Winter.
Never Compromise
There's an art to going home without going crazy.
Because Some Things Really Matter
Boy, Oh Boy! Here's Music, Laughter, Love and Joy!
Beautiful. smart. talented. trouble.
Love is not a crime
What could be worse than having your best friend die?
Behind every great painting lies an even greater story
Rock 'n' roll will give you some laughs...but it won't do you any favors.
CATch her if you can
The enchanting story of a magic tree that made a prisoner of Santa Claus and opened the heart of a boy to the true meaning of Christmas
The lucky ones died in the blast
Vengeance Returns
Live or Die on This Day
You can only push an innocent man so far
Get out of his way - Before it's too late!
It all started with a young girl's scream...
They left her no choice.
Hellbound for Vengeance for the Flaming Redhead Who Betrayed Him!
Power built an empire. Passion destroyed it.
Nothing is more dangerous than the truth.
100% medically INaccurate.
Six people become embroiled in mayhem and murder when Dad Savage attempts to determine who murdered his son and stole his stash of cash.
Every time she says 'I Love You'... she breaks the law!
They're Dying To Meet You
Take someone you love to a nice, warm, funny picture about a nice, warm, unwed mother.
Make a date with destiny.
They were housewives seeking kicks, in a world of swingers, orgies, booze and sin that was the sexual revolution!
Sex and drugs in BrisVegas!
God, what a bore. Everything's a bore. The dames, our new clan, everything!
Has Scarlet met her match?
Better Watch Out... Better Not Cry... Or You May DIE!
SHE'S BACK...and greater than ever
There's a reason we've never gone back to the moon.
Vengeance always has a price
Do you feel lucky?
High-Octane Action and Daring Dogfights!
This place is so dead.
He gave them everything. Now it's time to give back.
Pray you don't see her...
Sometimes you have to reach into someone else's world to find out what's missing in your own.
She's looking for a few not-so-good men
See women trapped in fantastic caverns at the center of Earth!
Their affair ignited a scandal. Their passion brought down an empire.
Some guests never checked out.
Don't Ask, Don't Tell
A family of whales trapped beneath the ice. One unforgettable rescue.
When Planets Collide
God Bless America. But grab what you can, just in case.
When SLEDGE hits town it stays hit!
Elki
They Were Searching For Proof.  They Found it.
The Fate of an Empire Is in His Hands
They are dynamite in love and in anger!
A secret world... Where freedom is obedience and authority is violence.
What are you capable of?
What did they see?
The Story of a Boy's Hunger
The toughest lesson is love.
There Are No Small Actors. Just Small Parts.
He is the master. He's called a husband. She is the play thing. She's called a wife.
Surviving is just the beginning
"In Love With Her Was Like Being in an Earthquake!"
First male "first lady" takes Washington by storm.
Joyous. In a bitter sort of way
No one is safe
Fresh water. Fresh meat.
Deadly secrets emerge from the shadows when the full moon rises!
Beautiful maidens in a Lush Tropical Paradise ruled by a Hideous Stone God!
Two King Kongs fight to the DEATH!
Sights To See! Songs To Hear! It's Packed With Pleasure!
A young man fights for his country.
Buy The Thing
A documentary in 9 chapters
Warner Bros.' big new laugh-holiday!
Girl meets boy. Girl falls in love with boy. Girl can't leave her apartment.
The Word is on the Street
Lose your hang-ups. Find your calling.
Two strangers. One family.
Each One Doomed
Believe the Impossible. Discover the Incredible.
Without love there is nothing.
Once you find it, they won't let you leave.
Out of Darkness, Comes Light
A Summer by the River
The past is always present.
Jeff Brides is Lewis Tater, the Iowa farmboy who blazed a trail across the barren wastes of Hollywood and Vine in MGM's comedy surprise "Hearts of the West."
The epic story of devotion, recovery and hope
WANTED: Youth and Beauty. Will Pay Millions. Only Beautiful and Shapely Girls Need Apply. No References Required. Appointments After Dark Only.
A search for night on a planet that never sleeps
Listen...
To save a nations future, they must protect one man from its past.
Jet Li and Tsui Hark are back together.
Prepare for Murder, Mayhem & Madness.
In 1945 Holland, a boy must choose between good and evil.
A musical comedy version of Alexandre Dumas' The Three Musketeers.
OUR VAGRANT YOUTH!
How far would you go to test your man? How far would you go to keep him?
Some mysteries should never be solved.
The feeding begins.
From London to the Riviera, a hair-raising tale of gallant love and truly desperate adventure!
He Rides Again.
A love story, in reverse.
Before you echo "amen" in your home and place of worship. Think. Think and remember a child is listening.
Mean Streets + Boys = Little Criminals
In 1975 a group of young surfers revolutionized their sport. This is their untold story.
She's shipwrecked on an island with the guy of her dreams. The last thing she wants is to be rescued.
Fighter. Drunk. Visionary. Outsider. Artist. Homeless. Genius.
The awesomeness begins
Climbing the corporate ladder can be murder.
No Neighbours. No Help. No Escape.
A great star for every role in a great drama
A Royal Command to Love!
It divided a country. It created a nation.
Every Life Is Beautiful
Gay beginnings of the end of the world.
Beware the lake.
Life is never the same once you've been to Utopia.
Whoever wins... we lose!
These hillbillies are going crazy.
Someone is watching over you
There's no greater battle... Than the battle for your life.
All you need for a hillbilly weddin' is a guy, a gal and a shotgun!
The price for uncovering the secret of the satan bug comes high - YOUR LIFE!
Revenge just rode into town
They Take War To A New Dimension.
The story of SS officer Otto Rahn and his search for the holy grail
By day, a pet... By night, a thief!
MEET THE MOST TITILATING TIME BOMBS EVER!
No one believes her. Nothing will stop her.
Honor Begins at Home.
Witness it
Meet The Original Force Of Nature
Everyone is searching for something.
The only easy day was yesterday
Character will be revealed.
It's SPY Against SPY
An inspiring and fantastic one-man show!
They came from the heavens... and sent the world into hell!
They needed a miracle for their love to survive
Lost in our world, found in another.
Charlie Chaplin In His Third Million Dollar Comedy
I'm very much the anti-hero in real life, but I compensate madly in my dreams.
Sooner or later, Baker will find the right girl. And when he does, he'll swap her for a machine gun. And do something big.
Meet the brother with a badge... on the take!
The life and times of the rock band Queen
Warning - This movie could save your life!
Meet Doug, The Nicest Guy You'll Ever Fight.
There are doors that should never be opened.
This is the climax in mind-chilling terror!
One song can change your life.
Sometimes dead does not mean gone.
Is this the face of a terrorist?
Politics would never be the same.
One life. One chance. One step.
They thought the streets were mean. Then they went back to high school.
The first step to finding your destiny is leaving your mother's basement.
Second place is first place for losers
THE MOST POWERFUL MAN IN CARTOONLAND BECOMES THE STRONGEST MAN ON THE SCREEN! All others pale in the light of this human fortress who finds no barrier too great in his amazing fight for justice
A million eyes wide and wild with terror!
Yes or No
Take no prisoners.
Nothing is more deadly than a woman seeking revenge.
Even a serial killer can win the lottery
Out here, there's nowhere to hide.
Slimy Glob of Doom Engulfs The World!
Australia's most infamous crime story
You're Born. You Live. You Shop. You Die.
The end justifies the means.
40 years in the making!
Funniest movie you'll ever read.
Some men dream of conquering the world. Roger Corman created his own.
Will "Cinderfella" make it to the prom on time?
It was supposed to be a game
Fall in love with your work
For these girls... it's not what you learn, it's whom you educate.
Make the Improbable Possible
Warner Bros. unlocks all the doors of the sensation-filled best-seller!
Feel the Wrath
Justice has one small problem. Them.
She lived two amazing lives under his spell!
We come in peace!
Horror... sharp as a razor's edge!
There are fates worse than death.
There's Something Wrong with Aunt Diane.
Save the best piece for last.
1 Ruthless Crime Lord, 20 Elite Cops, 30 Floors of Hell
If you hear a strange sound outside... have sex
A new romantic comedy about Love, Fate, and other Delicacies
Taking out the trash, one jerk at a time.
A Traveler through the Ages
Gamma-Ray Creatures Loose!
WILD is the Word For This World!
Love! Hate! Murder!
Healing a broken heart isn't easy. Sometimes it takes a lifetime...or two.
A comedy that's a real mother.
Radford is Back!
Real Fear In Real Time
Experience 88 minutes of real fear, captured In real time
Harry can't remember... what he's forgotten!
Just Say Moe.
The only one who can stop a serial killer is the man who inspired him.
The search for the ultimate missing person ends... at the beginning of time.
The Snow White legend comes alive.
The Battle for Earth Begins at Sea
Return to the Most Hated Church in America
The bad news is you have houseguests. There is no good news.
Share the journey. Share the laughter.
The band you know. The story you don't.
One family, three generations, facing globalisation in Indonesia
She's tangling with he-men who want to stay free-men... And showing you what a gal's gotta do to get a guy to say
Horribly abused‰Û_ Wrongfully imprisoned‰Û_ One signature away from freedom.
No one needs anything here. It's all about want.
It's time to take a stand.
He knew he could be a champion. They knew he could be much more.
To some murder is an art.
BOSTON BLACKIE BEATS A MURDER RAP!
It is the duty of every doctor to give his patients relief
Grace Will Come To You
There is no honour in honour killing
Story of a Christian in ancient Rome who befriends a lion
The Screen's Spectacular Inferno of the Battle for Civilization!
A comedy about the journey between popping the question and tying the knot.
Dare you take the first?
Every town has its secrets.
Hold your applause.
Revenge lies just beneath the surface.
5 Mates - 1 Extraordinary Goal
God Will Fuck You Up
War is a Bitch
Let the mind games begin.
HE LEFT HIS MARK ACROSS THE WEST'S THOUSAND TOUGHEST MILES
A PICTURE FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY TO ENJOY!
A forbidden love. An impossible choice. A secret past.
Joined together, how can they make love to separate husbands?
She has the code. He is the key.
To be, or not to be?
Do you admire Rizal or you do not care?
Mystery... chills... an ending that you'll never guess!
Sometimes the only way to get past family drama... is to jump right over it.
They're Not Leaving Till They Get Dessert
He's Been Everywhere Mate.
When life is perfect, what's to question?
When the past lives in the present...
Every Family Has Its Demons
See how the legend of The Scorpion King began!
The true story about a Swedish filmmaker, a banana corporation, dirty tricks, lawsuits, manipulation and the price of free speech.
Out of options. Out of control. Out of time.
An apartment to die for.
You may now kiss the decoy.
One town. One life. One wrong turn.
Gangster. Media darling. Model citizen.
Beyond Science. Beyond Sanity. Beyond Control.
The hand you're dealt could be murder.
Terror Has Teeth
The end of the dinosaurs was only the beginning.
Welcome to the world of sales boss!
Laakhon mein ek!
Getting in was easy.  Getting out was murder.
Redemption has its price.
kurd
The world is waking up.
His secret will destroy lives
Jeff Bailey. His wife wants him back. His band wants him on stage. Some thugs want his head. ...He wants another beer.
I'm only a ghost...but a ghost isn't nothing
Can this man save the world?
They are back... in time.
The Fairytale is Over
For the Love of a Woman, He Stole $1,000,000!
Come on in ... It's going to be a HELL of a party!
What he teaches you...will last forever.
Someone Like You
You can't program what you feel.
Experience the fallout
You can't bury a black legend like Leadbelly!
It's A Plunderful Life
We were good in war. And when there was no war, we made our own.
Trouble travels together.
The Search for Our Beginning Could Lead to Our End.
Some doors should never be opened.
If you had to do it again...would you?
A story so unbelievable it must be true.
JOHN O'HARA'S HOTLY-DISCUSSED BEST-SELLER...OF HOW THEY SINNED AGAINST EACH OTHER AND AGAINST THEMSELVES!
Driving the night shift can be deadly.
One man, one chance, no rules.
Nazi Germany 1936. Gretel Bergman is one of Hitler's best gold medal contenders. And she's Jewish.
The first musical cop movie
The crime of the century! Was he really guilty?
Leave your baggage behind
What was Harriet Craig's lie?
A tormenting and surprising story of children and adults during the stormy days of the summer of 1965.
No one is safe.
World saved. Humanity lost.
...and then he made us play that silly game...
The odds are against him. So is everyone else.
Their only weapon is the truth.
Unleashed and Hungry!
Where were you the day Superman died?
A REAL comedy
ALAN LADD as the U.S. Mail's ace agent smashes the biggest mail robbery plan in history!
How far can he go before he goes too far?
They took his badge. He kept the gun.
He only has 1000 words left to discover what matters the most.
For Oscar, every day is an adventure
What would you go back for?
Six years ago, they disappeared without a trace. Next summer, they finally resurface.
Pretty girls die young
No destiny
A comedy about doing the right thing with the wrong person.
No one is above the law.
The End was only the Beginning.
She's a bounty hunter with a score to settle.
Deep in the ice is earth's greatest threat that can only be stopped by one man.
Change your fate.
Temptation. Seduction. Obsession.
It's too late to pull out now.
They're caught in a security leak!
Are you a patriot or a vampire?
Winning is... everything.
Six dancers. Five minutes on stage. One chance to make it.
4 Girls, 3 Days, 2 Cities, 1 Chance.....
Cancel Your Future
The True Story of Cristiada
Nothin' but a good time
Nice knowing you.
An Amazing Five Minutes Of Animated Fun
The cops try to stop him! The mafia tries to stop him! but nobody's going to stop him!
Unnatural, uncontrollable, unleashed.
Vibrant and Whimsical!
One Year Around The World
Terror so sudden there is no time to scream.
Ted is coming.
Work all day. Work it all night.
The whole world has been waiting for the real monster film!
It's Harder to Win When you Play by the Rules!
The best teacher is experience.
The only thing he cares about is not caring.
Fight Fire With Fire
The untold story begins.
What you don't see will kill you.
Manny, Diego, and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift.
I  gotta take care of mine.
She Denied Him Her Love, So He Took It! She Stole His Name, Tricked Him, Humbled Him and - in the end - Worshipped Him!
Find your family.
Young Beautiful Deadly.
Jede Legende fordert neues Blut
...and a ticket to romance
One woman's hope brought light to an entire town
Friday the 13th meets Bring It On!
Don't let her live with you!
Sometimes you don't need more than one person to not feel alone
A family. A legacy. A deadly curse.
Believe it or not, they know too much.
The ultimate exercise in controlled terror.
Your number is up.
The past will impact the future
Some crimes are just funny!
Got Protection?
Herman Melville's Classic Tale Retold
A Totally Deep-Fried Texas Redneck Trailer Park Murder Story.
Broly Is Back!
Welcome To My Decline
They Can Taste Your Fear
He's the meanest wanker in town
We're All Works In Progress
MEN BATTLE FOR THEIR LIVES... WOMEN FIGHT FOR THEIR LOVE... IN A MIGHTY SAGA OF CONQUEST ON INDIA'S FRONTIER
Love by design, Friendship by paint, Death by brush.
She's Out Of His Mind
What Is Real?
Be Careful What You Search For.
Part muscle. Part elastic. Part fire. Part invisible. Together, it's clobberin' time!
Four Friends. One Mission. Lots of Spirit.
A climate change solutions movie [that doesn't even care if you believe in climate change]
The Hunt Has Begun...
Class is a state of mind
Fight to the End
HE'S TERRIFIC! Your Favorite Crime Crusader!
Every villain has his day.
When killers collide, every bullet counts.
It was supposed to be a weekend getaway until the horror began.
A travel. A search. A mystery
Startling new motion picture footage of the elusive creature!
Here comes the ride.
Every Tale Has A Beginning, But Only One Begins Under The Sea
Is your life too plastic?
Think on your sins.
It'll take more than a miracle to save Mount Tanglewood. It'll take *him*.
May The Best Loser Win.
The only way out is to give in
Sometimes to keep the magic, you need to learn a few tricks.
Wishing you were here
The past holds the key!
Unforgettable
HERE AT LAST! THE CONQUEROR OF SPACE IN THE ALL-TIME SERIAL SCOOP
Elokuva kertoo 15-vuotiaasta Emiliasta (Ada Kukkonen), joka on tunnollinen koululainen ja kiltti perheensÌ_ vastuunkantaja. YhdeksÌ_nnelle luokalle pÌ_Ì_stessÌ_Ì_n hÌ_n ystÌ_vystyy vuotta vanhemman Siirin (Sara Melleri) kanssa. Siiri on todellinen ongelmanuori, joka ei vÌ_litÌ_ tekojensa seurauksista.
A North Korean spy and a former South Korean agent form a tense partnership.
What Killed Them Made Them Stronger
Evil Lies Within
Drive in, freak out. The ultimate midnight movie.
As a boy he was taught the secrets of Kung Fu, now he will use them to avenge his father's death.
Revenge is her Destiny
How far would you go?
India
It's all fun and games until someone raises the dead.
School's Out for the summer
The Hagiography of the Dragon, a Continuing Saga
Life (or the lack thereof) in academia
A Hero is Born, The Legend Begins
You can't choose your family...or can you?
A Loved Story
A Comedy That Never Takes Its Foot Off The Gas
Come with a Dream. Leave with a Story.
'Je' is a girl voluntarily lock up in a room. 'Tu' is the script. 'Il' is a lorry driver. 'Elle' is the girlfriend.
Turn up the volume, Turn down the lights, But don't watch it alone!
They have only 6 days...
The trials and tribulations of Eddie and other transvestites in Japan.
Ride Like Hell
With all the glamor and glitter of Coney Island that millions everywhere are always eager to see
First they undress you, then they possess you!
He's a force of nature.
When the law became corrupt, outlaws became heroes.
I am whoever you want me to be
Twice the Teeth. Twice the Terror.
No warning. No control. No escape.
A comedy for anyone who's ever had a dream. And then jumped out a window.
There's no discrimination in death.
Great Art Always Survives
Fear The Demon That Doesn't Fear God
The greater the sinner, the greater the saint.
The discovery of a lifetime will become a fight for survival.
The one thing friends can't escape is a few home truths.
Once You Believe You Die
Would anyone miss you?
Everything you know about Bigfoot is about to change
It takes more than sex to make a baby
Could it be that French is the true language of love?
The West the way it really was!
Operetta, Musical
The complete inside story of the West Memphis Three.
Old habits party hard.
There's more than one way to take a life.
Two highly irregulars, in the very regular army! And this is the story of the million-dollar schemes they dared, the fabulous dolls and dates, they shared.
Get pitch slapped.
Be careful who you trust.
*Meet Amy Minsky. She's just getting over her divorce.
The Mad Cow
Hunted By Your Future, Haunted By Your Past
Power. Manipulation. Obedience.
The story of a child‰Û_ and his son.
Journey to an age of awesome magic.
The First Real Ghost Story.
Forgiveness is Freedom
Friendship doesn't have an off switch
Can an artist change China?
Get laid or get played
The Ultimate Battle Begins
Whatever Life Throws at You
A Strange Lie! A Strange Love!
Everything comes full circle
Lola vs. Sex, Love, Lola, The World.
Every Man Needs a Guide
Judgement is coming
Every Degree Matters
Power is the best alibi.
Everybody belongs somewhere
Don't think, let it flow, surrender to the void.
FAMED STAGE HIT GLORIFIED ON THE SCREEN!
Evil Is Only Skin Deep
Knowing where to draw the line
An eight-cylinder fuel-injected coffin.
Every moment of your life they stand watch
This collection is killer.
Guess who's coming? Everyone
We are infinite.
The lie is spreading.
From dawn to dusk, a few hours in the shadowy life of a mystic man named Monsieur Oscar.
To gain power you must first give up control.
The Story of Burlesque in America.
Celebrate the legend.
Life on the edge.....and over it.
Greetings from Kenosha, WI! Where Ordinary Folks Can Make a Killing
How much do you want to believe?
First they took his daughter. Now they're coming for him.
The Very Loud Ending Of LCD Soundsystem
Swordsman! Robinhood! Rogue!
Their love affair would divide a nation.
Fear reaches out... for the girl next door.
Look at the size of those pom poms!
1 Body, 2 Heads and 6,000 Teeth
The Price Of Fame In The Big-Time Sports Racket!
His GPA is greater than his age!
Love Him, Hate Him, You Don't Know Him
For justice, there were no innocents.
Every time history repeats itself, the price goes up.
A Man-Made Monster With Every Human Emotion
Fear takes a new shape
A Re-Coming of Age Story.
He's about to have a moment of truth.
Do not pass love by...It may never come again!
You can change your status, but not your heart.
Follow your heart. Discover your soul.
Hip Hop didn't invent anything. Hip Hop reinvented everything
Because a life can grow anywhere.
One day, suddenly, an uncountable host of poisonous insects wreaks havoc on human society.
A fiendish vampire from a strange world in outer space drains his victims' blood and turns them into weird corpses!
This gorgeous creature was really TWO women...fiery temptress...respected wife
Evil has found a new home.
Be yourself and you can be anything
A documentary film by Gary Hustwit
The groovy movie with the hip hit tunes!
She Will GIVE YOU Nightmares...FOR EVER!
Life is like a mountain
The electrifying dog is back from beyond the grave
A lie bigger than you can imagine
Once you see him, nothing can save you.
Friendship, loyalty & greed.
The sensational story of a girl who didn't belong.
Love Is Stronger Than Death.
The simple life... is rarely simple.
Where monsters go to get away from it all
Can film survive our digital future?
A comedy about old friends in new positions.
When all others failed, they turned to...
Back In Time
This Gangster's "Single Partner" Isn't Even Human!
The tortured ghost who claims vengeance in the bride's bedroom!
The movie was fake. The mission was real.
They Won't Take Any Shih Tzu.
A comedy about sex, power and spreading the wealth.
Who is John Galt?
We are all products of our environment ...some environments are just harder to survive in
He was born to wield the mighty sword of Thoren.
They touched...and an evil spark was struck!
The World Will Quake In Fear
The World's Worst dog is Back
The war on drugs has never been about drugs.
16 Chefs, 3 Days, 1 Chance
A Ritz is afraid of nothing ... but ... THIS ... IS ... SOMETHING!
Not All Fairy Tales Go By the Book.
Close Encounters of the Office Kind
If you are going down, take everyone with you
Obsession can blur the lines of reality.
She thought she knew everything about her daughter.
Keeping a neighbourhood watch.
Living Off America's Waste
You may kiss the bride.
A son seeks vengeance when his father is killed by a coal mine owner.
Do you believe in ghosts?
Are some bonds meant to be broken?
A tale of acting up, acting out, and acting your age.
Would you have the nerve to do what she did on her wedding day?
SHE's the kind of woman that made NEW ORLEANS famous!
THE MUSICAL THAT GOES PLACES... all over the global map on a song-and-laugh tour of our fighting fronts!
The terrifying legend of the Jersey Devil is alive.
This is not a perfect getaway.
It's closer than you think
When girls want a vacation filled with fun, sand, and romance, they go to Fort Lauderdale...
See the extraordinary life of founder of the Yang style Tai Chi.
Mankind threatened by a deadly nucleus from the vast void of space
She's fired up. He's firing blanks.
Evil dwells in the most unlikely places
A comedy about two brothers, a girl with a broken heart, a sex tape, an angel and a pig...
Don't Ever Cross Alex Cross
To Break The Story, He Must Become The Story
Everything is Connected
He made her his star. And his darkest obsession.
The 'feel good' movie of the year.
This Halloween prepare for a 3D ride through hell.
Some kids are dying to graduate...
This April Fool's Day, Put All Jokes Aside...Because You May Be Next.
IT HAPPENED IN DECEMBER...BUT IT'S HOTTER THAN JULY!
Sometimes the greatest love is letting go.
THE SUSPENSE SHOCK OF THE YEAR!
She achieved her independence by telling stories filled with forbidden secrets.
Legends Start Somewhere
No one will fight for his students like Mr. Voss.
Hiding From The FBI And The Mob Can Be Deadly
Every family is a little bit mental.
In America you're on your own.
There are two sides to every lie.
The festival hit of the year!
Burt Lancaster & Judy Garland take an untouched theme - and make it touching and unforgettable!
Fear Cannot Be Contained
Hell can be very cold‰Û_very wet‰Û_and very deep!
Kids can be mean. Adults can be meaner.
Money can buy anything... even murder.
Obsession is the deadliest weapon.
Life is full of attractions.
These girls mean business.
The story of a regular guy just looking for a little wreck-ognition.
What they're doing is insane, immoral... and working!
Watch For The Signs
An epic story of love.
Believe The Unbelievable
He's at it again! Fiction's fighting man of mystery! Chasing down the most dramatic crime in London legend! Shock-charged drama--with a peppery bit of love on the side! You'll laugh--shiver--THRILL!
Fight. Or Die.
You can't spell Kung Fu without F and U!
Heal The Sickness
Cleanup on aisle 7.
Don't let your ex-girlfriend suck the life out of you!
Have a drink, mate? Have a fight, mate? Have some dust and sweat, mate? There's nothing else out here.
If you can't beat the system... change it
Panic feeds on fear.
Student Of The Year, read, Movie, Preview
A roommate with killer instincts.
Doing the right thing has never gone so wrong.
Love is a monster.
No arrangement is more beautiful...or more complicated.
The dark secret of future Tokyo!
Count Down to Disaster!
A friend in need is a bear indeed.
Thirty years later and they're walking again...
From House Arrest to Parliament
Never steal from the world's greatest thief.
Imagine a school where the cool kids are the chess team. Welcome to I.S. 318
You Can Alter The Evidence, But Not The Truth.
They were going to rape her one by one. She was going to kill them....one by one.
Curiosity will lure you in...
Some stories just keep on growing
The undead are brown bread.
They see your fear!
Evil lurks in the Ocean Depths
From the Producers of The Mummy
Evil Has Been Summonned...Again!
Old heroes never die. They just get darker.
Fantasy meets reality
A True Story of An American Soldier
With the moral courage and fierce determination to succeed, his choices will change the fate of generations to come.
Manhood. It's the only badge that matters.
Dating Sucks
PERFECT PLAN! PERFECT CRIME! PERFECT SUSPENSE!
Child abuse, drug abuse, adolescent masturbation, self pity, heartache, redemption and how to dispose of a soiled sock if you happen to be locked inside of a bathroom.
If love is not madness... It is not love.
The Battleground Is Your Barracks
A Divine Comedy!
The epic finale that will live forever
Thirty-something Hillary Burns has spent her life trying to get the approval of her parents, most specifically her judgmental mother...
Paris. 1912. If you thought it was "La Belle Epoque"....Think again.
Who Got Fat? Who Didn't Change? Who Got Rich? Who Got Hot?
Welcome To the Home of the Brave
You better believe.
In the 21st century, we can still choose to live differently.
. . . A truly brilliant producer brings you a thrilling tale of love and danger that will live in your memory as long as there is romance in your heart !
Society beauty's wild escapades shock city!
BLOCKBUSTER ABOUT TO EXPLODE!
Will their first contact be their last?
Twisty thriller... a wild ride.
Edna Ferber's epic of American Womanhood
Cupid Surrenders !
A NEW Uproarious Role in the Career of the World's Funniest Man
Trust no one.
M-G-M's TECHNICOLOR SPECTACLE! JEROME KERN'S MUSIC!
What happens when your enemies become your friends?
Irresistible. Immoral. Immortal.
The story of Halo 4 begins at dawn.
One Step Can Change Your World
RIDE AND ROAR WITH RED SKELTON
The thing that came from outer hell ... to burn the world alive!
The howl in the night is the voice of danger.
The portrait of Norway's most spectacular robbery, where 11 men occupied central Stavanger for twenty minutes and escaped with 57 million kroner
The girl who took a shortcut down the primrose path!
Within us All...
CORLISS COULD DO NO WRONG ...but brother How She Tried!
What Happened in the Greenhouse?
Revenge is his destiny.
No Lifeguard on Duty
Delicate, charming and sweet.
The Game Wants to Play With You.
They messed with the wrong senior citizen.
The Genuine, Authentic, 100% American Christmas is Back.
Life is a journey. Family is a trip.
The heat is on - and time is running out.
Good evening.
You can't kill what you can't find.
I look up as I walk...
A Racy Tale of ROMANCE!
She's twelve and TERRIFIC now
Big Crimes, Big Busts!
A comedy that hits you right where it counts.
Asia's top action-comedy team takes on the Tokyo underworld.
This time those cock-eyed crime-busters land in more trouble than anyone could safely handle.
The most wanted man in the entire universe
Fall of the Last Empire
A Story of Love and Subterfuge with Simmering Intelligence.
Still Dead, And Now in 3D
Glamor girls beware!
From the smallest beginnings come the greatest legends.
A time to share the spirit of the season.
The President. The First Lady. The King. The Queen. The Mother. The Mistress...One weekend would unite two great nations...After cocktails of course.
How far can a losing shot take you?
Join the tribe.
A comedy of miscommunication between the sheets.
Creation is a bird without a flight plan
When Terror Strikes At Home, Blood Will Be Shed
The Greatest Manhunt in History
What If You Could Feel Like They Do ...
Living on easy street just got a little harder.
Revenge has its own set of rules.
Cold body. Warm heart.
You can't check in without getting checked out.
Fueled by hate, entwined by fate... their paths begin to unravel.
When the lights go down, the inmates will rise.
Young. Beautiful. Deadly.
23 seconds, 32 years.
Dashing, Dark and Deadly.
A story of a woman who kills all seven husbands.
He had a WAY with the world's most beautiful, most seductive, most glamorous women ...he did AWAY with them.
Get ready for one mother of a road trip
She's always naked under leather
Sometimes you have to break a heart to be true to your own.
The Law Has Limits. He Does Not.
Life, liberty and the pursuit of vengeance.
The sort-of sequel to 'Knocked Up'
Most motorcycles run on petrol, this one runs on blood!
This is Willard and his friend Ben. Ben will do anything for Willard.
I scream, you scream, we all scream for the...
Experience a Journey Like Never Before
Nothing is more powerful than the human spirit.
Fight. Dream. Hope. Love.
The Sickest Entry in the Nazisploitation Genre!
You never know who will change your life forever.
The Bobo is that cunning matador who flees from the bulls so that he may chase the chicks!
A personal raincloud can be deadly...
Spring Break. Some come to party. Others come for the buffet.
He stalked him...fought him...befriended him...but in the end he knew he'd have to kill him !
there is no past no future either. just the Now--
Four Friends Looking For A Little Harmony
He Knows Who's Been Naughty
The big feature show with a thousand surprises!
Every fight is personal
Every teacher in school wanted to flunk her . . . but nobody dared!
She sings and speaks Chinese!
Flaming arrows! Cracking rifles!
Tell yourself it's just a game.
The true story of a false prophet
Haunted by the whispers of an indiscretion she was too innocent to understand!
Soldier of Vengeance
Call if you dare!
Part Alien. Part Predator. All Terror.
From beyond imagination... from beyond the earth itself... Xtro waits.
Every Woman Needs an Escape
From the depths of the earth. To the edge of existence... The hunt is on!
Dealers in death... exterminators in the 21st century...
All Mitch Snider wants for his family is a traditional holiday feast with the relatives. The problem is that he doesn't have any..
A Midsummer Night's Party
50 years after the Cuban Revolution, a new Revolution is about to begin.
Here come the grandparents.  There go the rules.
A Documentary about sexiness & the cyber age
Just so you know... they're sorry for anything that's about to happen.
How one man changed the world with a pair of scissors
Born to be loved. Born to be free.
ICE in her veins... ICICLES on her heart!
Every great collector has a vision.
May The Best Man Win
A music video of epic proportions.
A family torn apart by a system out of control
Action: Bond style. Beauty: Vanity style. Hero: American style.
A perfectly good year... wasted.
War Is Hell!
FUN and songs! Fun AND songs! Fun and SONGS! ...DANCES TOO!
The Journey Begins
Damon Runyon's first real love story!
A man. A voice. A legend.
What's your price?
This summer ... justice will be served
Serviced with a smile!
You will live every shattering moment of terror with... The Man Who Haunted Himself
If you had a second chance, would you grab it?
The dirty window cleaner finds out pop is just a racket
Love goes toward love as schoolboys from their books
Who are you pretending to be?
Act like a criminal to catch a criminal.
Sridevi vs Angrezi
Big As Its Stars!
Every one wants to turn his back on violence until it knocks at his front door.
A documentary about obsession, compassion and all-purpose soap.
Escape the jungle. Expose the truth.
The never before shown truth of Hitler's Reich!
Never cross the line.
Evil wears many faces.
No Names. No Badges. No Mercy.
Here Comes... Chulbul Pandey
You can bury the past... but sometimes the past won't stay buried.
An age undreamed of. An age of mystery and magic. Of swords and sorcery.
The greatest manhunt in history.
Four competitive Street Fighter players take their game to the next level.
Loving husband. Devoted father. Ruthless killer.
A behind-the-scenes look at a scientific community torn apart by infighting.
This $*%! ain't paranormal.
His city. His rules. No prisoners.
A murder reveals a violent secret from the past
For every couple who has never killed each other.
One Hospital, Hundreds of stories
Justice Returns... Vengeance Returns... Redemption Comes to Gotham.
At 19, they gave him the streets. Tonight, they're going to take them back.
A Hero Must Choose: The Power of Ideals... or the Courage of Truth?
A Hero Must Choose: The Power of Ideals... or the Courage of Truth?
From the JUNGLE to the GYM...He's the Greatest!
What if you were the cargo?
Not in his town. Not on his watch.
A Mother's Love is Forever
The fastest boats afloat! The gayest romance you've ever thrilled at , in a glamorous setting of the millionaire's playground of the Pacific!
Sometimes you have to be two different people. What happens when they meet?
Rediscover a lost icon
War in Hell
Proof Can Be a Powerful Weapon.
War against Crime: Golden Age of the Bad Guys
Friendship pulled them together. Love tore them apart.
A story of love, books and plants.
In a cellar, dark and deep, I lay my dearest down to sleep; A secret they would like to keep.
Are You Prepared?
A Swinging Fun-Romp that Fractures the Frontier!
A funny new motion picture that tells Hollywood like it was!
HOLY SMOKE! They're Raisin' The Devil!...and SATAN'S WAITIN' to take them BELOW!
What happens when the rich get richer?
They Don't Come In Peace!
It's a much bigger reason than anybody out there knows why he's still here. But he's still here.
...The Rise Of The Stones...
Some crimes are impossible to solve. Some suspects are impossible to resist.
GOOD WOMEN...BAD WOMEN...BRAWLING WOMEN...BRAVE WOMEN! They were all soldiers in skirts!
They met as enemies, but fate brought them together.
Competition Can Be Delicious
Comedy is often misunderstood.
Who Lives? Who Dies? Are You Ready to Choose?
The biggest cast ever assembled for the most outrageous comedy ever made.
Angela's Having Another Party -- Wait Till You Meet Her Friends.
Welcome to the Inferno
To get away clean, you have to play dirty.
A comedic symphony of disappointment and forgiveness.
Death has a ginger beard.
Classic tale. New twist.
The Amazing Adventure Of Six Men On A Raft Across The Pacific! True! Thrilling!
Can they really live a normal life after porn?
The Marquise of the Angels
100 Days. 100 gritty souls. 100 wild mustangs.
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Rehab.
A New Peak in Shriek!
Getting the Life You Want Means Losing the Life You Have.
Spy on us, we'll spy on you.
Love is Hell
Holiday Campers Exposed! The Funniest Take Off Of the Season!
How much are you willing to lose for a game?
Capitalizing on hope.
The Dominican Republic's Most Valuable Export
Two worlds. One future.
They had their turn... now it's his
Based on a true story.
Horror in the Vein of the Classics!
A Southern Whip-Ass Extravaganza!
Follow your hero. Or become your own man.
They don't make 'em like they used to.
The story of the search for the beginning of time.
åÁAdiÌ_s, Pinochet!
Live every moment, love every minute
One pill can change your life.
She's having the time of his life
26 Directors, 26 Ways to Die.
The worst evil has been unleashed.
The story of a man who came to fix a bolier, but ended up fixing people's hearts
New Territory, Fresh Prey!
A Mega-Dose of Pure Terror
Sometimes you get too close
Reality Is Overrated
When your life is a lie, who can you trust?
The ride is just starting
It's why Al Gore invented the Internet
The incredible story of seven men who defied death in a primitive wilderness where no man had gone before.... and survived to tell the shocking story of this legendary creature.
An evil entombed for 2000 years... until now.
Winning is everything
Happiness is a Quackser Fortune!
Deep In The Jungle They Hunted The Diamonds... The Woman... And Each Other!
His mission is to recover their heads, before they take his
It's 1975. Do you know where your parents are?
Open your heart. Find your voice.
Dark secrets will come to light.
LUSTY! GUSTY! RARING TO GO!
Yippee Ki-Yay Mother Russia
Finally.
You know it when you find it
The world's oldest profession still has its secrets.
A story of killers who win, and the society they build.
A Film about hope, fear and digital culture
If he's an angel, imagine what God is like.
Under their own command
Some movies stay with you forever... and ever... and ever.
You may think you know teenage girls. You have no idea.
Earth's greatest secrets are about to break out!
The true story of an epic friendship
The story of a family girl. Until take 2.
Everything's better with maturity.
It's about to get juicy.
What started out as a simple game... became a virtual nightmare.
They are the ones you never hear about ‰ÛÒ the invisible ones.
Unlock Your Mind This summer
Everyone Fights. No One Quits.
How far would you go to save your son?
I am invisible. I am inaudible. The enemy's fate is in my hands.
Higher Stakes. Tougher Choices. Medicine like you've never seen it.
Once you have been chosen. You belong to them.
The truth is always the truth, a lie is always a lie, even if everyone believes it.
You have the right to remain silent forever.....Again!
A Legend Has Just Met His Match - Himself.
Prepare for a giant adventure
The second coming
A documentary about the comic who invented controversy.
A MAD GENERATION... Spawned In Lust... Consumed By Hate!
Bing and Walt ride herd on The Headless Horseman!
Innocence Ends.
You will never see it coming.
The Original Serial Killer!
That board. That room. That is Sound City.
In Oz, nothing is what it seems
Foreign Country, No Money, No Identity, Nothing is as it seems ...
Blood demands blood
Meet the first modern family.
Love is instrumental.
Virtual World, New Reality
The Story of Polygamy's Exiled Teens
You drink it, you swim in it, you survive on it. It's time you knew the truth about it.
I'm Simon - I'm ten years old - I'm a serial killer...
A Technicolor film set in a ghostly gothic manor house, England 1785.
The Ultimate Hunters VS The Ultimate Prey
Superheroes Hulk and Daredevil join forces in an explosive new adventure!
Gable's New Star is Deborah Kerr (rhymes with star)
After the war was won, the battle for peace began.
The journey will change her forever
Only once in the furied history of adventure and conquest...did one man rule so vast an empire!
One Year on the Front Lines of the Battle to Save Detroit
Take The Stairs
A Great Cast... A Great Novel... A Great Motion Picture
A frenzy of musical action
What Fiendish Passion Twisted His Mind--Made Him Torment, Torture, Kill?
The BIG MGM Spectacle ! HE LED 200 WOMEN ON AN ADVENTURE THAT MOST MEN FEARED TO FACE!
Can the girl who never speaks... Become the voice of a generation?
Yours is the life they've chosen.
Abracatastic!
A little sun can bring out your dark side.
A New Yorker in Shanghai
It was a hit and run operation with no place to run
Himalayan Monster captured 20,000 Feet above the Earth!
The legendary creature is half man... half animal... and a cold blooded killer!
Based on a novel by Kauko RÌ¦yhkÌ_
An ode to the art & occupational hazards of Stand-Up Comedy
There are 188 million 911 calls a year. This one made it personal.
When our flag falls our nation will rise.
The Steinbeck people! The Steinbeck passions! The Steinbeck power!
An equal opportunity offender.
America's favorite pastime just turned nasty!
The wonder film of the century, about the most romantic figure who ever lived!
Nervous is normal.
Double the Girls, Double the Guns!!
What wouldn't you do for your roommate?
No one seated during the last 10 minutes so you will completely enjoy the surprise ending! P.S. And please do not reveal the identity of the villain!
Fear has a new home.
The Audience Isn't The Only One Watching.
The plan was simple... the job was not
She loves her students...to death.
The Deeper You Go, The Darker it Gets.
There's always a way in
Love Thy  Neighbour
GET READY FOR ROARS! THEY'RE GOING TO DROP HITLER ON BERLIN...When Hal Roach Presents
War... an uncivilized business.
If you ride like lightning you're gonna crash like thunder
Inspired by the true world war II story.
Everyone Has A Price. What's Yours?
The truth is somewhere in the mix.
An adventure for the boy in all of us.
You will be one of us
Explore true love and affections from the angle of ordinary people
Angel
One Man Protects a Secret. The Other Tries To Steal It. And Only One Woman Can Stop Them from Destroying Each Other. Together They Are . . . A Breed Apart.
A con is easy. Family is hard.
Do no harm.
Friendship is bigger than we know.
Let someone in.
The afterlife begins here.
You'll see the screen cook when
He battled an empire of barbed wire and bullets!
The Chase Begins Again
They wished for a star, then wished they hadn't.
A sinfully tasty brew of sex, extortion and murder.
An Experiment With Truth.
In class, he's just another face in the crowd. In "Heaven", the hottest dance club in town, he's the main attraction.
The journey of life continues
Some killers are born. Others are driven to it.
You are not alone
There's trouble in paradise.
The most terrifying film you will ever experience.
Don't be a hero.
All Brand New!
A Stunning, Intelligent Thriller
Success is the joy you feel! Only when you lose everything, do you find it all.
2 friends. 8 bombs. 1 FBI informant.
Do what scares you
A brash young rebel inspires a fight for freedom!
Crime pays... just not enough
Wild waves and wilder women ... in a tidal wave of comedy!
The Supermodels, Then And Now
A ten thousand pound love story
Coming of age in a fast world.
Accident or cold-blooded murder?
It's 1 in the morning. Do you know where your child is?
Two Ordinary Americans. Fifty Innocent Lives. One Unforgettable Journey.
Earth is a memory worth fighting for
Dead...but not gone
In Shark Alley, courage runs deep.
The True Story Of An American Legend
comedy, drama, romance
Out of the ring, into the fire... in a fight to the finish
He didn't know how to stop it... she did.
They were all running out at the same time ... his luck ... his bullets ... his woman !
The big M-G-M Pictures!
It started when everything was over.
The story of the making of U2's Achtung Baby
Love wildly
SPACE DECLARES WAR ON EARTH - OUTLAW PLANET CAPTURES THE MOON!
don't... fall... asleep.
Look up
Not since "King Kong"...has the screen exploded with such mighty fury and spectacle!
ALL H- BREAKS LOOSE!
Evil is coming. Bring protection.
A Lone Warrior. A Suit of Armor. Our Only Hope. IRON MAN.
Before the hammer ... came the sword
Their American dream is bigger than yours.
Love Stinks!
The swaggering Petruchio, eager to wive it wealthily in Padua, agrees to marry the spitting hellcat, Katherine.
She Came Collect and his heart paid the freight . . . in the year's romantic explosion !
Can Iron Man save the world when the world is against him?
Will he save their world... or destroy it?
This Band was Punk, before Punk was Punk
Freedom is possible
For the locals on Erin Island, it's last orders.
Far from home. Far from safe. Far from over.
The legend is real...
The end of justice.
56 DAYS | 56 DOLLARS | HOW DO YOU SURVIVE?
In Martial Arts there is no right or wrong, only the last man standing.
Terror swoops through the heart of a city in the dead of night!
BEAUTY AND THE BOSS AND BUSINESS WAS PLEASURE!
Twice The Action, Twice The Danger, Twice The Excitement!
In the richest country on earth, millions of families have been left out in the cold.
Every Evil, Every Nightmare, Together in One Film
Nothing ruins a party like the end of the world.
Unleash the power behind the armor.
In life he was a movie star, in death he became a legend.
Save The Humans
Life Without a Road Map...
The machine is coming
YOU'LL SAY...AMAZING!...STARTLING!...UNBELIEVEABLE!...YET HOW FAR IS IT FROM THE TRUTH
The code has never been compromised. Until now.
Refuse To Live Life By The Book
They ran away and found themselves.
Heaven and Earth will pass away, but my words shall not pass away. Matt. 24:35
Hell Is For Heroes
Welcome to the last place on earth.
Nerve-shattering‰Û_ Brain-battering‰Û_ Mind-splattering‰Û_ A ONE MAN DISASTER!
A tale of human nature rising to the surface.
Blood Always Leaves a Trail
The raid took 40 minutes. The search took two decades.
A Mother's love has its limits.
Every move is a game changer
Revenge is Back
Some things should be kept beneath.
If a family doesn't stick together, sometimes you have to use a little tape.
Never Forget
Your health is in your hands
There's No Such Thing As Going Too Far.
REVENGE IS A DISH BEST SERVED RAW.
From the very beginning, they knew they'd be friends to the end. What they didn't count on was everything in between.
This documentary follows the story of the show through fan, cast and crew, and celebrity interviews.
You'll get an insight into the face of terror!
It's all about image.
It started as such a simple crime. For 16 year old Candy, dying would have been easier! Was a piece of Candy worth a fortune in diamonds?
What you can not resist, you may not survive
Reserving judgments is a matter of infinite hope... I come to the admission that it has a limit.
The Story of The Third Wave
She Mates... Then She Terminates
EVERY INCH OF HER IS MURDER!
Earth Will Fall
OUT OF THE HOPE AND COURAGE OF A MAN ...THE LOVE AND DEVOTION OF A WOMAN!
The "indestructible" Andrew Dice Clay is back.
Some secrets don't stay buried
Four Went. Three came back. Only one of them knows what happened.
First Strike
Hiring them was a brilliant mistake.
He was just another movie director...until he found himself a gimmick.
Where Every Fantasy Comes True
Need money? Get a Fiance...
Below the Belt
Her love will never die.
Conquerors of the Useless
There's murder on his mind.
Comedy, drama, play, MoliÌ¬re
A film with roads, dogs and guns.
Time to Meet The Devil
It all ends.
All roads lead to this
Discover a world beyond your imagination
Sentinel of Liberty
"Posing as Sir Cecil Seltzer"
Sentinel of Liberty Returns
His dreams control our destiny, but who controls his dreams.
You're only as good as the people you know.
Out of Your Own Tomorrow... Out of Time and Space a Fearsome Power!
You can't help but fall.
We've been waiting... we've always been waiting
The man they called the 'human torpedo' - the secret underwater marauder who hit like no man hit before!
It's what's on the inside that counts....
Too much of a good thing is wonderful
The ultimate Dogma movie before the birth of Dogma
Parade €àe ipak biti!
He CAME to **** the DEAD back to LIFE
WHACK! SHE WENT FOR THE GOLD! SLICE! SHE WENT FOR THE JEWELS!
Mothers! What would you take for your baby?
The Incredible Story Behind the REAL Supehero
The only thing more terrifying than Mother Nature is human nature.
The story of Natasha Kampusch
Bringing Cities To Life
The Raw, Shocking Movie Of A Pop Singer Who Makes It Big!
In life there isn't always an encore
Danger is real, fear is a choice
Two women trapped in a savage nightmare...
Pray for the Devil Within Her...before it preys on you!
4 amazing magicians. 3 impossible heists. 1 billion dollars. This is no illusion.
The truth goes deeper than you think.
The world is A Dangerous Place to live not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who do nothing about it. - Einstein
The Horror, the pain and the suffering of Hiroshima!
In This House No One Sleeps
Power. Greed. Justice.
Survival. Honor. Sacrifice.
Ever been eaten to death? Now's your chance.
They Were Britian's Commando Elite
It's got some new ideas about multiple dwelling!
They turned a dead ship into a live bomb and sailed it down the throat of the enemy!
Five heroes. A coven of vampires. A lot of bad blood.
Two mothers lose their sons to malaria.
Heads Will Roll
We've all been there.
Come out, come out, wherever you are.
Death is not always the end
Shakespeare Knew How to Throw a Party
They made him a promise. He made them a family.
You will believe that a man can fly.
Why live when you can rule.
It's never too late to start acting like a family
Still Devoted. Still Determined.
Her ideas changed the world
The story of Hendrix, a 7-year-old child that's been abandoned by his crack-addict mother Nina.
A film about birds and people.
One night a year, all crime is legal.
Terror has two faces.
A match made in hell
what if you knew he was still alive?
A STRANGER IN A TOWN THAT HAS LOST ITS MIND ...IF SHE'S NOT CAREFUL, SHE MAY LOSE HER'S TOO!
He's a visitor from another time... The 60's
Family Always Matters
Get ready for the live feed.
Living the Dream, One Heist at a Time
School never looked this scary.
Blood will Reign
A Comedy About Tragedy
Innocence isn't lost, it's stolen.
One Nation. Underfed.
Finally tell the story of forbidden bonds
Get ready for the ultimate road trip
I Warned You Not to Go Out Tonight.
He never wanted to have kids until life kicked him where it counts
No Justice. No Peace.
To Fight Monsters, We Created Monsters
Fighting Crime Brick by Brick
A Master of Possession. A Crime of Obsession
Home is where the harm is.
What was the truth about Ada?
She's got it all... and he's not getting any.
Remember Philly!
He can save us all.
A secret army. A war without end. A journalist determined to uncover the truth.
One's still a little smarter than the other
It's not a dead end if it takes you somewhere you needed to go.
If you go to only one concert this year... the Prince movie is the one!
Will Anyone Survive Those Hours Just Before Dawn?
Based on the novel by Henry James
Oben ist besser als unten und an Land ist es besser als im Wasser
The legendary actress as the most merciless mother of them all
When machine gun mania rocked the nation!
Appearances are everything
Fear. Sacrifice. Contact.
I might see dead people... But then, by God, I do something about it.
Back 2 Work
It will start like any other day.
Good food. Fine ales. Total Annihilation.
All roads don't lead to salvation.
Let love be the essential ingredient
Action's never been so hot!
A psychopath on the cycle path
Even the GERMAN ARMY couldn't fight this...
London Population: 7 Million. Until Today.
Never Take Off the Mask
It's murder shopping for Dr. Rock
The play that startled the nation!
A hero is measured by the enemies he makes.
All For The Money. One For The Revenge. Every Man For Himself.
Comedy is easy. Dying is hard.
Love is the kiss of death.
No backstabbing. Just business
Everybody's favorite troublemakers are on the loose again!
A little bit magic, a little black leather... and a lot of black humor
Youth is seductive. Power is corrupt.
The fight has just begun.
You cannot kill what is already dead.
Who's tracking you?
Dance till you drop... dead.
-70 Degrees and Dropping!
Everyone deserves the best defense. They fight to provide it.
One Wedding... And Another Wedding... But Absolutely No Funerals
They aren't going to let a little blood spoil their weekend
AN ADVENTURE THAT AVALANCHES FROM THE BULLET-PROOF ROOF OF THE ROCKIES TO THE FIERY DESERT FLOOR!
Prevent illness, reverse disease & maintain optimal health... naturally.
Good girls go to heaven. Bad girls go wherever they want.
Justice is blind
He had plenty of dollars and no sense!
From the Writers of (500) Days of Summer
Life is a journey you never have to take alone.
This Summer Growing Up is Optional
Give Till It Hurts.
A child is the beginning of happiness. A name is the beginning of despair.
Napster: The Music. The Battle. The Revolution.
The pit wants what it wants
See Ali Baba and His Forthy Thieves Plunder for Gold and Women!
Enough said!
Catching a Flight Will Never Be the Same Again
A story about first loves and second chances.
You have nothing to lose... except your mind.
Every step brings you closer to the edge
Star Wars is no longer science fiction
Audie Murphy as a new kind of action-man... Raider-turned-Ranger!
Now you will see his Real Story.
It Wants To Get Out!
First Jason...Then Freddy...Finally, A Professional.
THE THROWDOWN CONTINUES
Hee! Hee! What ghoulish glee!
To protect and serve the living
A mother will do anything for her family.
Fight the future.
The true story of how the world's most popular team rose from the ashes
One small town pawn shop. One big time wild ride.
The purest form of war is one on one.
The New Rules of War
Open Up And Let The Devil In
Based on the true case files of the Warrens
The blazing adventure of the men and planes who rocket to the very edge of outer space!
Have you ever felt alone?...What if you truly were?
The Plastics Are Back!
One day, it started to snow .. and it never stopped
There is no turning back
Beaten into submission . . . turned into slaves . . . man at the mercy of a Kingdom of Prehistoric Women!
The issues have reached new depths.
SLO NO MO
BLISTERING RAW DRAMA!
Payback is Hell
When he's most vulnerable, he's most dangerous.
It was supposed to be a routine game.  It became a race for survival... winning is the only rule.
Live fast, die faster
Pick a star. Any star.
The mind has mountains
A comedy about knowing when to say when.
The Devil got a baby mama.
The best never rest.
Greetings from the most dangerous jungle in the world: the streets of Miami.
In a land ravaged by the undead, Ben and Mickey must learn to survive... each other.
For 12 years, he's been running. Tonight, it's over. Tonight, David Banner will find freedom or death
THE WIZARD OF CLUES!!! Nick Carter lives again in the fierce brutal...dangerous era of TODAY!
Wrong place. Wrong time. Wrong car.
How far would you go for love?
Sex is never black or white
Three Men Three Ways To A Different
AN ALL-STAR CAST in an ALL-STAR COMEDY RIOT!
Dog's Best Friend, Man's Worst Enemy
Only when you are lost can you truly find yourself
Will truth be the first casualty of our next war?
The Amazing Comeback of a Musical Underdog
He's Got the Southwest...Over a Gun-Barrel!
2 Guns, 1 Bank.
There's a time in everyone's life that changes them forever. For six friends, it's this summer.
Now more than ever.
Blue Moon. I used to know the words. Now they're all a jumble.
What is dead may never die.
Desperate to succeed?
It's not the hills.
In every man's soul hides a hero.
IT'S A ROMANTIC BATTLE-ROYAL!
Wanted For Murder, he changed his face... then hid in the glare of a spotlight!
Spectacular stick-up stuns the nation!
They're only friends on the surface
For a thousand years no human has been the champion. He wants to be the first.
When longtime friends Joey Fortone and Lenny Kaminski get together, the race is on to get one up on the other. Their fantasies abound and their results lag far behind.
Queen of An Outlaw's Lair!
Alcan Highway is a roadmovie of freedom and friendship.
Where There Are Gods, There Are Monsters.
Get ready to get naughty!
12 hostages. 24 hours. 1 Partridge.
Staying after school can be deadly!
EXORCISM! The one last hope for the possessed ‰Û_ But this time the devil wins!
The magic of friendship never changes.
Ready Or Not, Here He Comes!
Big Dreams.  Little Wishes.  Major Triumphs.
No Rules. No Mercy. Pure Fighting.
Zombies of the African Voodoo coast!
Flying beast out of prehistoric skies!
You see it happen!
Gotham City's newest hero... or criminal?
Witness the Color of Will.
Here is horror that can happen NOW... TO YOU!
In The World's Deadliest Contest, There Can Only Be One Winner... And Only One Survivor!
It Can Wait
David Sloan must travel to Mexico to save his wife from a savage international terrorist.
To graduate is to survive.
#NAME?
His Feeding. Your Frenzy.
Just because they're a little older doesn't mean they've grown up.
Got It Bad for the Wrong Girl?
HIGH RISK HIGH RETURN
A CHILL-AND-CHUCKLE CHASE!...A FORTUNE AT STAKE AND A MONSTER AT LARGE!
The unseen war on american family farms
You Can't Fight Your Destiny.
Survival Is His Revenge
From above the world of Cars
HUNTED BY THE POLICE!...STALKED BY A KILLER!
A new place to look for terror.
Never capture what you can't control.
In a war between kings even a pawn can change the game.
Dead or Alive... He could kill!
We must live.
Hold your breath for the biggest undersea adventure of all!
Murder is an art.
Some see what's possible, others change what's possible.
Moving the Mountain
You have been chosen
It's never too late to dream.
A self-improved comedy
We Will Never Return to Business as Usual
One quiet voice can ignite a revolution.
Speak up and let your voice be heard
Many people visit‰Û_ no one ever leaves.
Find some privacy.
Family can be complicated
In Every War, There Are Invisible Wounds
THE TEEN-AGE DATE IN LOVERS' LANE THEY'LL NEVER LET HER FORGET!
What if every moment in life came with a second chance?
Ready... Steady... Po!
When the flies start to crawl, so will your flesh...
Truth or Die
When Justice meets its match, worlds collide.
Welcome to our nightmare!
The hunter becomes the hunted
She will kick ass with her big ass
Peter and Susan. Harvard and Berkeley. Rock and grass. And then suddenly stake-outs and the "mob" and bullets. Real bullets!
Did You Remember To Lock Your Door?
Bardot At Her Frankest! At Her Frenchest! At Her Funniest! In Her First BIG Picture!
The best date you ever had!
Saucy! Naughty! Delicious!
It's more fun than marriage.
Welcome To A Circus Of Terror!
Based on a true story.
Our short film presentation
It was a chance of a lifetime. If they lived that long.
Would you kill for the ride of your life?
In this space everyone can hear you scream
Life is Good When You're Dead
LOVE IN ACTION on Land, Sea and Air!
WANTED for desertion! WANTED for questioning!...WANTING only each other!
Innocence isn't lost... it's taken.
Talent and charm. Secrets and fear.
A true story based on the most infamous court case in America's history
Careful who you let in
What better time for a heist than in the fog of war.
Ooh that Ekberg!
Just because you're breathing doesn't mean you're alive.
Welcome to the apocalypse.
Two great Broadway stars at their greatest!
Cargo that blasts the sea wide open!
My brand new comedy special, in front of my two biggest fans‰ÛÓmy parents.
The Ultimate Take-Off
She's about to bare her soul... and all that goes with it.
It moves without sound... thirty feet of pure venom
Beware Cupid's arrow.
Beast-Thing from the Flames of Hades!
Emerson High has raised more than its academic standards.
Life doesn't care if you're ready.
The night has fangs!
A motion picture event.
A Lost Horror Film from Brian De Palma!
They see your every move
Doctors' Wives have everything. Except husbands.
bologna italy student road movie
He's playing for life... he's not playing for laughs...
He's Back... For Seconds
You Can't Keep a Bad Clown Down
Get in. Get out. Getaway.
The bad clown is going down!
Was The SIXTH MAN The Secret To The Five Empty Graves?...the Answer waited in a woman's lips and watched from the shadows of a frightened town!
Places of worship and esotericism of the Third Reich
Something is dying to get out.
Mad passions, madder deeds in the Edgar Allan Poe chiller!
Stay out of the water... She bites.
Warner's Big Six-Gun Saga!
The Ultimate in Shocking, Suspenseful 3-D!
... come prepared!
Don't Let Go
It's all a matter of perspective.
Sex, love, friendship, freedom.
Someone Out There Is Lisa's Fantasy. Pray She Never Meets Him.
...being friends has its benefits?
8 players. 703 years between them.
All beautiful and all in love, but this not heaven...
DeathSport isn't just a game. In the year 3000, it's the only way to survive!
Every moment matters.
Sometimes your battles choose you.
Which one of us is really crazy?
It will take what you love most.
Some things are worth more than money.
Everyone's driven by something.
Sometimes You Have to Lose Your Life in Order to Find It
Some call it organized crime. Others call it family.
Do you have what it takes to walk away
Support them. Take care of them. But don't become their friend.
How far will you go to chase a dream?
NOTORIOUS FRONTIER OUTLAWS...IN ACTION!
Treating girls wrong never felt so right... Until he met her.
When a young accountant is devastated after discovering his inspiringly beautiful girlfriend is cheating on him...
The only thing stopping these two cops from solving the crime of the century, is each other.
After darkness light
She's going from straight A's to getting her first F.
The hack is the attack.
You are cordially invited to join the confusion at...
The world's most aggressive primate just got mad
Charlie Chaplin's fifth film for Essanay Films
Based on Actual Events
A Brilliant Triumph!
A remarkable man. A remarkable story.
Once a bad cop, always a bad cop.
Royality meets reality.
Everything new but these [eyeglasses]
The Masti Boys are Back
The World is watching
An exploration of the appeal of horror films, with interviews of many legendary directors in the genre.
Bow to none.
The Real Life Adventures Of A Make-Believe Cop.
He's got 24 hours to find his missing wallet with a phone number worth a hundred million dollars. There's only one place he hasn't looked...
You can never escape your past
The cure for the common marriage.
Jamie wouldn't kill anyone‰Û_ unless Teddy told him to!
GENE'S DOUBLE DYNAMITE!
She fought for everything.
In 2011, A Robo Legend Will Rise Again
Is America obsessed with beauty?
Chronicle of an HIV witch-hunt
Thru the Time Barrier, 552 years Ahead... Roaring To the Far Reaches of Titanic Terror, Crash-Landing Into the Nightmare Future!
Lock Your Doors.
The last word in science-fiction thrills!
A new kind of terror to numb the nerves!
Cody is an adventurer who is about to explore the depths of a legend.
A legendary discussion about what's so funny about being funny.
Life's not about winning or losing. It's about how you get there in the end.
December 5 will never be the same...
The danger lies just below the surface
Everyone loves a happy ending.
If fashion had a home, this would be the address.
Airborne to be wild.
A mighty, memorable new adventure hurtling out of the heroic vastness of Colorado Territory.
An age undreamed of; an age of fantasy and magic...
Experience Metallica like never before
In a place beyond time, comes a terrifying challenge beyond imagination!
A Story of Life After Memory... inside the mind of poet Edwin Honig
The Filipino revolution that even Marcos couldn't crush!
How far would you go to find the one you love?
KITTY CHASES KILLERS...And Gets Her Man! The body was missing...but Kitty was willing!
They're burning the Scandal at both ends...
Fame Can Turn On You
There's nothing like a brush with death to make you feel alive.
He gave a year of his life. Now he's stealing it back.
Three friends, finding themselves single on their 33'rd birthdays, agree to bet $2000 each to see who can get a girlfriend and live together for three months.
He can make you do anything...if he puts his mind to it.
The terror has not ended. It has just begun... again.
SEE GENE'S SIX-SHOOTERS NAIL WHITE LOOTERS BEHIND APACHE LINES!
Embrace your inner demon.
Real power resides within the heart
A life between the exit signs.
The house always wins.
Lover Just Know Love!
Betrayal Burns Forever
A story of love and hate...and the sudden sound of guns!
Rules were made to be broken.
Nothing is more mysterious than the blood.
Fear has a new home
There's no parole...in Hell!!!
Some Fights Are Bigger Than The Ring
Expose of the $8,000,000,000 gambling syndicate and its hoodlum empire!
Never Leave a Mess Unclean!
High School Honor Student by Day. Hollywood Hooker by Night.
Their music fueled a movement. His message fought a war.
November 22, 1963, 12:38 pm - A trauma patient is rushed to Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas. His name is President John F. Kennedy.
ROARING GUNS against RAGING MONSTER!
Algebra. Bullies. Dragons. 7th grade is TOUGH!
Made in Wonderland, the most magical musical of all!
Something big was leftover.
One Is The Deadliest Number
It starts underground‰Û_
The answer lies within
I Warned Her Not To Go Inside!
Love, Lies and Accidents
Violence Is A Language People Understand
Out here survival is everything.
A classic tale of one man's search for freedom and another's quest for revenge.
The film recounts the bombing of Cambodia by the U.S. in 1970, the subsequent brutality and genocide that occurred when Pol Pot and his Khmer Rouge militia took over, and finally the amount of aid given by the west.
The shocking film Australian networks won't touch!
Inside everyone lies a truth only the wilderness can reveal.
Was the murderer a man... or man's best friend?
When Dignity Means Everything.
Bring out the truth.
The World's Most Dangerous Game
Who is watching?
No peace without justice...
Mankind Survived... But Not Alive.
Trained to kill. Left for dead. Back for more.
How psychopaths and antidepressants influence our society
It's a filthy job getting to the top, but someone's got to do it.
The most dangerous love story ever told.
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN HIS MINDS
When it happens... there's nothing like it!
No Plan is perfect
She's done flying solo.
You can never take the game too seriously.
You'll die laughing...
No one breaks out alone.
MURDER STRIKES WITH VELVET CLAWS!
The First Film To Use Real Bodies
Get to know her, then meet her.
In this game every shot counts.
Know her name. Fear her power.
Overnight, she became a star...Over many nights, she became a legend.
You can't expose the world's secrets without exposing yourself
A handful is all you need.
Sin Is A Choice.
The Slipperiest, Sultriest, Sexiest Carwash in Town!
Nobody Can Escape ...
Join The Fun!‰Û_ Human Dart Boards‰Û_ ‰ÛÏHome Style Brain Surgery‰Û‰Û_ Dental Hijinks!
The Spider will eat you alive!
On the trail of an old love, he found a dangerous new obsession.
A symphony of Romance and ACTION...in Six-Gun Time!
What are you willing to believe?
Bad things happen everywhere.
Who owns poverty?
Godzilla disappears.
Titan against Titan! Giant against Giant, in the most spectacular battle yet!!
Can a woman's beauty be changed to a thing of terror?
The cannabalistic crazies with a deadly appetite for life!
The last day of the year‰Û_or the last day of your life
The god of destruction descends
Shoot Kill Run Hide
The extraordinary true story of Solomon Northup
There are two sides to every love story.
Leo just met the love of his life. At her wedding.
A true story of obsession and murder.
A stunning eye-witness experience of the growth of violence in the United States
Fatherhood or fatherland. Love or hate.
Love, Wisdom, Justice and Peace?
Get Reel!
Welcome to Barrio Amigos!
Hideous creatures from outer space advance to invade the earth!
From a world below, it came to terrorize - to destroy - to revenge!
Money. Murder. Betrayal. It's all in the bag.
They can run, they can hide, they can kill, but will they die?
Never give up.
HATE! Crawling back from the grave!
If you don't have a life, get someone else's.
They Stick Up The Queen Mary In Mid Atlantic
The comedy that teaches a new low in higher education.
On the boulevard survival is the rule
The lovable hero from Anastasia is back!
This is not a game.
Stalks his wife... his daughter... their lover!
One toy gets left behind!
Romantic Rio on a heart-to-heart hook-up wit music...laugher...love...IS FOR YOU!
The search for life is about to end.
He can get away with anything... that's why they call him The Escape Artist
One lost job at a time
Real people. Real reactions. Real messed up.
Two Brothers... One Plays to Win... One Plays to Defeat
Crime is such a trippy thing
Delve into the darkness
They'll steal your heart... and rob your bank!
Murder in Pompeii. Voices in the night. Despair in the gutter. A phantasmagoria of fright!
Sometimes the only way to stop a criminal is to become one.
Ever feel like you just don't fit in ?
The peak monster battle
Sometimes it takes a hustler to change the world
A fake masterpiece. The perfect plan.
Hip hip hooray boys!
Till honeymoon do us part
The American Dream is waiting just around the corner
Einstein once said, If bees die out, mankind will follow 4 years later
A rootin-tootin' funfest! Songs, dances, laughs and purty girls! Yippie-ti-yi-yo!
Love will lead you home
She has a lot to live up to. And a few things to live down.
Every second counts.
In the wrong place...For the wrong reasons
What if God gave you a second chance?
30 comes at you fast.
Prepare for a life of great expectations.
How much do you know about wine?
You are her last hope.
Hang On To Your Nuggets
Fight to a crumbling fall!
Discover the incredible world of tomorrow... 15 miles straight down at LATITUDE ZERO
A summer vacation...A map to buried treasure...The adventure of a lifetime
Beware the Hero
Hatred so deep can be murder.
Plus: Brian Wilson Presents Smile Live!
Love Is A Happy Accident
A Hero Is Unleashed
How much shock can the human brain endure before it cracks?
The Most Chilling Terror Ever Experienced
From her greatest enemy came her greatest love.
It's going to be legendary
The incredible true story of a small town with a big sound.
There are men‰Û_ There are Women‰Û_ and then There is
All the laughs, half the calories
FLAMING ARROWS VS. HOME-MADE BOMBS
Be careful who you trust.
The true story of the two cops called Batman and Robin
Have You Read The Terms & Conditions?
One hundred years of the finest school turning out the finest young men. IT WAS ALL A LIE. One cadet is about to expose the system.
Introducing the dog who launched 1000 stars
Murder is his masterpiece.
Life in Independent Professional Wrestling
If you celebrate only one birthday this year... make sure it's Stephen Tobolowsky's
Broadway Hollywood Success Betrayal Sex Death Redemption
BEYOND THE GLAMOUR OF CANNES LIES THE NAKED TRUTH OF MOVIEMAKING.
Is it a cult? Is it a game? Or is it a life-changing adventure...
a love story.
An arcade adventure.
Evil Travels in Many Forms...Even by Bus!!
These two unlikely companions are on a journey to find her long lost son.
Courage beyond words.
Times change. Friendship doesn't.
The glory days are back
Anyone is a weapon if you twist them right
SIX KIDS ON A TRUE AND WONDERFUL ADVENTURE!
Every revolution begins with a spark.
Beyond darkness... beyond desolation... lies the greatest danger of all.
For courage. For loyalty. For honor.
How do you know what you see is really the truth?
History always repeats itself.
Gidenler geri gelmeyecek ama hesap kapanacak!
Adam and Eve of the year 2024! Only they could repopulate the world!
Jetliner Hijacked!
You're never quite ready for what life delivers.
The only way to save the one you love, is to die.
Something is very wrong here...
THE STAR ALL AMERICA'S TALKING ABOUT!
Trapped on a Train of Terror!
A Classic Tale... Horrifyingly Real
An all organic, mostly vegetarian comedy.
Carnivorous fish that live out of water? Now we know why this ship has no crew!
In this club the initiations can be fatal
Christmas is a family party.
It was the summer Aunt Dorie Kay came home... and nothing would ever be the same again.
Smog covers the earth. The oxygen is depleted. Love is encouraged. But the penalty for birth is death.
A story of love. A story of war. A story of life.
Drama without equal that smashes its way into a woman's love-starved heart!
Sometimes gangsters need hugs too.
Love is hell
The place to be for the guilty-rich!
A $50 million heist, a ski resort held hostage, and a cop with nothing to lose
He was a quiet man...
The universe won't remember us. It won't remember Homer wrote The Odyssey.
Ever feel like something is watching you?
Only the act of true love will thaw a frozen heart.
The Film that made Ninjas legendary!
Touch him and you're dust!
Every year, Officer Donnelly goes to China Lake to unwind, do a little fishing... Kill a few people
It Came From A Galaxy Far, Far Away. An Alien Explorer -- It's Mission ... TO SURVIVE!
Possessed with sex, they know no shame!
Gobble, Gobble, Motherfucker!
THE SEARCH FOR THANKSKILLING 2!
It's never too late to love life again.
The Musical that Swept the World
A musician travels a great distance to return an instrument to his elderly teacher
EARN. SPEND. PARTY.
How far would you go to protect your home?
The one story you won't be seeing on the 6 o'clock news!
Death On The Internet...Who Will Control The Future ?
Based on the bestselling novel by Zeruya Shalev.
It is an ideal for which I am prepared to die.
Misery loves family
Christmas comes but once a year, but the memories last a lifetime.
What we play is life
Seduction. Betrayal. Murder. What are best frirnds for?
Fear is just a word. Reality is much worse.
New Blood
Revenge is Sweet.
All is busted. All is broke. All is bitter. All is BRIGHT.
Everyone Hustles To Survive
Stop Dreaming, Start Living
A Spike Jonze Love Story
Any man who hates dogs, women and children can't be all bad!
Screen's First Blazing Story of Kids Who Go Rumbling Down Dope Street!
It's not you. It's him...
Being a Ghost Story of Christmas
The moment you wake up, the nightmare begins.
How do you kill something that won't die? Where do you run when they're everywhere?
Sometimes revenge is the only solution.
They're out.
Based on True Acts of Courage
One of the best-loved holiday stories of all time.
They formed a club they thought nobody would join...
I just wanted somebody to believe me.
The Story Begins Here...
Please do not disturb Evelyn. She already is.
A timeline altered. A universe in chaos. An alliance reborn
Where her book ended, their story began.
Chiller Of The Year! Fiends frozen dead at the height of their diabolical powers and brought back alive years later
Women of the caves 1000 years from now!
Boy Against Buccaneer!
An Animated Conversation with Noam Chomsky
Once You Are In. There's No Getting Out
Outgunned. Outnumbered. Out for blood.
Two Lives. Two Voids. One Secret.
The Movie That Grabs TV by the Dials and Won't Let Go!
Three kids. One night. No return.
Ask not why you were imprisoned. Ask why you were set free.
Some marriages end well... others last a whole life.
The funniest fraud a fall-guy ever fell for!
A bavarian crime comedy
It's kind of a big deal
How can we save our badly broken healthcare system?
The first independent film to have successfully licensed original Beatles recordings.
Life is anything but normal.
His Story. His Life. His Truth.
There comes a time in every father's life when his baby becomes a 'babe'... THAT'S WHEN THE FUN BEGINS!
You're IN... or... you're IN THE WAY!
AD 2031, the passengers in the train are the only survivors on Earth.
Prepare To Have Your Buttons Pushed
It'll Blow You Away
The Nightmare Returns
Here come the most super secret agents of all!
A Dramedy.
A last chance to win... A first chance to love.
War, peace, love and honor...in the world of children
An ancient hero returns with a vengeance.
A one-of-a-kind American film about love, marriage and divorce.
The most unlikely pair ever to take on the mob!, You'll be rolling in the aisles!
It's Time To Soar.
Friends and colleagues recall Emmy winner James Gandolfini (1961-2013) in a tribute that features clips of the actor's work.
To dream of the american dream is easy, but it is difficult to cross Mexico.
Prepare yourself for the Shock of a Lifetime!   Once she kept a lover on the side. But that's nothing compared to what she's keeping in the freezer.
A young punk's odyssey.
How do you grow up when your parents haven't?
Survival Is Everything
Some people just can't handle Halloween.
When time is precious living can't wait
Sometimes dreams come true
The main thing is not to get drunk
Random drug tests? You just can't study for them.
A documentary project on Bruce Springsteen made by the people and for the people!
They're two best friends, a million miles from home. On an incredible adventure, beyond the boundaries of space and time. In a place called...The Land of Faraway.
Five Female Convicts Pose as Wives to Mask a Military Mission Into Enemy Country
The guide is never part of the group
Race Or Die...
The patriot, the professor, the comic and the stripper, were fighting for what they believed in. Getting rich!
The New Face of Fear
The true story of the most beautiful woman in the world
DeNiro vs Stallone
One brave cop... one smart thief... one cool biker... together they create...  Dhoom
In revenge, patience is a virtue. And after a thousand years, Colin MacLeod doesn't give a damn about virtue ...
As a young child, Frederic had been apprenticed to a pirate by mistake when he should have been apprenticed to a pilot. Now, having reached his 21st year, Frederic's indentures are at last over and he happily leaves the service of the pirates.
In the year 2042, CEO's are making a killing. It's time to return the favor. If the suit fits, waste it.
The Players Who Inspired A Generation
Are you ready for another 12 Rounds?
He's About To Ruin A Perfectly Good Divorce
All is not well in Toyland.
Perfect Car. Perfect Girl. Perfect Murder... Almost.
This is how they roll.
You're one of us now.
Bind. Torture. Kill.
40 years ago it sank, now... Goliath Awaits.
He aims to please.
Cowboys Battle Monsters in the Lost World of Forbidden Valley.
First one, then another, and another. Who or WHAT is responsible?
Where Virtual Reality Begins...
Judge. Jury. Executioner.
A documentary that puts a face to the voices we all know and love
There are 3 sides to every war story.  Theirs, ours and the truth.
Meet Eric Binford, the ultimate movie buff. If you know someone like him‰Û_ run!
Fashions fade. Style is forever.
His greatest story was the one he could never tell.
The hilarious story of three old men, a clever kid, and a bank just waiting to be robbed.
There's only one team this summer.
There's always room for a dirty joke.
He chased a dream that became a nightmare.
Revenge is never a straight line.
Just When You Thought You Were Safe Out of the Water
THUNDERING Out Of The Reservation! THE LAST ATTACK OF THE APACHE NATION!
The legend is never the whole story
Blood is the strongest bond.
Blasts the lid off an infamous Hollywood vice racket!
A THROBBING DRAMA OF SHACKLED YOUTH!
The guy with the dynamite heart meets the girl with the firecracker eyes!
Her unfulfilled passion was awakened on...
Man. Myth. Legend.
Two violent men... and a violated woman!
Gotta catch 'em all!
The Art of Make-Up EFX
What would happen if a sex drug ended up in the Secret Sauce of a new burger joint?
Lust! Anger! Greed! Bet You Can't Beat Just One!
Everyone wants one.
Skinner has returned from the dead... To Kill!
A Blast From the Past!
They're Pretty To Look At . . . But POISON To Love!
Holy Warriors Must Battle an Army of Demons
Let the Bad Times Roll!
A cerebral thriller
Propose to this cop's sister? Rookie mistake.
Love. It's A Team Sport
Trust no one.
What makes you different makes you dangerous.
Proof is the Burden
The wildest rock 'n' roll documentary of all time.
The story that has never been told before
An innocent girl! A life destroyed!
What does it mean to risk your life for your ideals? How far will five revolutionaries go in defending their beliefs in the fight for their nation?
Your First Impulse Your Last Sensation
Alexandria High‰Û_ class of '81 - All the students are going to hell, except Andrew‰Û_ he sent them there!
The Devil Always Gets His Due
Three seconds.   Two wires.  One out.  No mistakes.
Will It Dare You To Dream of Things You're Ashamed to Admit!
Are you hot enough to be admitted?
Not every island is a paradise.
A Tribute to the Golden Age of the Horror Hosts
One Chance. One Secret. One Mistake
Don't touch that dial.
Charming and Refreshing
Join the harvest.
A couple in a couple
A love story for guys who cheat on their wives.
An American Freak Illumination
Dying is Easy...Staying Alive is Torture
Wife. Mother. Escort.
A local legend becomes a terrifying reality
The Nordic legend that inspired J.R.R. Tolkien to write the Lord of the Ring trilogy.
Everyone thought they were crazy, until they proved everyone wrong.
A repo man in a hellzone
A time when heroes became legends.
In these shifting sands, men can disappear without a trace . . . and their secrets with them.
Privatization goes public.
O yaz Ùehre Ì¤ok gÌ_zel Ùeyler geldi‰Û_ Ama uzun sÌ_re kalamad€±lar‰Û_
Bonnie and Clyde, Sid and Nancy...
No man's life or wife or land is safe - till the women of Broken Bow line up with their men and start shooting!
One Wish. A Thousand Regrets.
Whatever side you're on, see another side.
An Exploration of Calvin & Hobbes
You have the right to remain silent...dead silent
Tragedy strikes a young boy and his over-protective mother.
He's ten years old and they've taken him ten-million miles into space.
The experiments are over, the terror has just begun...
Two Brothers. One Dream. No Rules.
No One Knew She Was An Undercover Policewoman. Including The Detective Who Killed Her.
She's a divorcee. She's forty. She's engaged... to a younger man.
He's today's teenage werewolf‰Û_ only the rules have changed!
The comedy that pumps the fun into summer.
In the battle between good and evil, an immortal holds the key
The Amazing Story of the Boldest Adventure Dared by Man!
A creature from beyond the stars. EVIL... BEAUTIFUL... DEADLY...!
Any moment could be his last
The New Face Of American War
Med School - the price of admission is murder
Happiness has no formula.
It's Hunt Or Be Hunted
You can‰Ûªt escape Yourself!
The Ambush Begins
If you've loved a woman -- mother, daughter, sister, friend -- See this film.
Some Men Are Created Evil
The story of controversial civil rights lawyer William Kunstler as told by his daughters.
Children here don't shape their own destiny.
How To Woo An Unkissed Bride!
What you don't know will hurt you
A teenage boy's search for love finds him fixated on the boy next door.
Courageous princess. Fierce warrior. Legendary superhero.
The one who fears the Wolf, should not go into the Woods
The night the power failed.... and the shock began!
Fights the Syndicate With His Fists!
For Their Pain, For Their Lives, For Their Futures.  The Truth Must Be Told.
Some secrets are better left buried.
There is a Fate Worse Than Death
Hell Hath No Fury
Getting trapped in a movie... is no day at the beach.
The curse is legend. The terror is real.
Here they come!
It was the greatest art heist in history
two friends - one journey - no limits
The story of a nobody who saved everybody.
Beyond the 'shadow of the Law'
Nobody Leaves
We've got the future under control.
It takes a great artist to pull off the perfect con
The Laugh Sensation of the Season!
His imagination is a dangerous place to be.
M-G-M filmed the mystery of the year in Holland!
THE STORY OF PROWL CAR 13...BASED ON THE POLICE FILES OF A GREAT CITY!
Forget About Love
A young boy discovers his family's most unusual line of work.
Four Friends. Two Couples. One Night They Will Never Forget.
Power to the picked on!
Trapped by a man beyond control!
SHE LIVED TWO AMAZING LIVES! Darling of Society... Cruel Love-Killer
The unexplainable becomes something unimaginable
All work and no pay
'Tis about to get medieval up in here.
Everyone has a past. Some have a future.
Leave no loose ends
The Chase Continues...
Small things come in big packages
ENTER A WORLD OF 1001 THRILLS!
Evil grows beyond the door!
Coming Soon - To a backyard near you.
Every friendship has its ups and downs.
Hunted, raped, and tormented out of her mind...
Courage Weathers All Storms
When life gets hard, rise to the occasion.
Love's all about finding the right combination.
Nothing is Everything
Say Goodbye to Innocence
This is not a true story. This is true love.
Downtown L.A. is their playground.
Terror has Evolved!
It's not just another conspiracy theory.
All The Spectacle Of Heathen Idolatry, Human Sacrifice, Pagan Revels - All The Beauty Of One Of The Bible's Timeless Love Stories!
The man beyond bionics.
Back from the Dead
Is there a better time to fall in love?
M-G-M's Drama Aflame With Love And Revolt!
Solving the mysteries of the universe, one girl at a time.
Where man ends... evil begins.
Packed with thrills, laughs, heart-throbs, excitement. All the way!
The good, the bad and the outrages!
Where to from here?
Sometimes the fight of your life comes in the dead of night.
Break on through to the other side.
There are 2 sides to every story
IT STARTS NOW.
The Epic Fall of the American Indian
An 11 year old boy. An age old legend. A life long friendship
They're about to break the ice.
Gerontophilia [jƒª-èÎrÌ_n-t-èöfil-€Ò-ƒª] noun - the love or sexual preference for the elderly.
It's about compromise. It's about love. It's about a good wingman.
A perfect holiday without leaving home.
All's fair in Love & Salsa
Never Back Down
Innocent. Guilty.
Do you believe in pain, in forgiveness, in fate? No matter what you believe in. You'll end up facing it
Still alive 20 years later
The rules are simple: Deliver or Die
Play or die.
When you realize getting some means wanting more.
Only the strong Rise Above
Mankind was born on Earth. It was never meant to die here.
Some secrets are too terrible to reveal. Some crimes are too unspeakable to solve.
Some rentals are too good to be true
A film which doesn't 'protect' you from the truth!
Spit out what's on your filthy little mind ... and then take your orders from me !
Unleash your inner beast!
The hijacking was just the beginning.
Based on the outrageously true story of Britain's richest man.
Know your enemy.
Games that lovers play.
At the bottom of the box she found hope.
We've got Berle on the screen!
Seize your glory!
With one switch, everything changes.
The most exciting picture in years!
A musical triumph!
It's Gene Kelly against The Black Hand!
Want to Play?
Embrace destiny
Open the door
Not your average one night stand.
The cat's in the bag.
Brothers.......For Life.
We are here to change the world!
Like the Bandit... Like the Gringo... A bullet doesn't care who it kills!
Get ready for the night of your life
She mates, you die.
The Magnificent Eight
Launch out on a musical cosmic trip with the new ‰ÛÏToomorrow‰Û
The War on Dead Begins
Red and Blue and Awesome All Over!
A bike's not finished until you put some miles on it with your bros.
Mankind's first fantastic flight to Venus - the female planet!
Nothing will be like before.
The thunder of their plundering shook the earth, the seas, the sky!
To Stop This Mutha Takes One Bad Brutha
Oil And Money Are An Explosive Mix.
He's Leaving His Mark On History
A mysterious seductress preys upon the population of Scotland
For honor. For love. For redemption.
She's stepping out into the world.
Because Money and Power Should Not Cost the Earth
She thought she was out
An unconstitutional proposition. An unprecedented decision. An all-star cast.
The end justifies the means
Their Empire. His Kingdom.
We Build Better Men
What would you be willing to sacrifice to keep your family secrets?
Like meth, this movie is not for the faint of heart
The only thing new in the world is the history you don't know. -Harry S. Truman
El artista y la modelo
Deep in the Congo, Marine... Peace Keeper... Killer.
An All-New Adventure!
Blood In. Blood Out.
Some family secrets cannot bear the daylight.
The little black book that became a national bestseller.
The sin-sational Mae West
30 Years And A Million Beers With Australia's Most Unlikely Rock And Roll Heroes
A PRO & A CON. The rest is history.
Every 24 hours an American family will be killed!...and only the human factor can stop it.
Living With Their Sins. Dying With Their Dignity.
BEWARE! Snappy Snoopy Blonde at Work!
Ghoul or Girl?
DANGEROUSLY She dared to LOVE!
In the west, revenge is a deadly game.
Where Laughter Reigns and Joy Pours!
Back in 1957, sweet-talking W.W. lived in a '55 Olds, loved bubble gum, Errol Flynn, country music, fried chicken, robbing filling stations, and a girl named Dixie. Not necessarily in that order.
Death is catching.
Will you make it through the night?
In heroes we trust.
Everybody wants to be touched
Where I come from, when you stop dreaming, you die.
We're all different on the inside.
Another chapter in the Mass Effect franchise
The Life and Times of the Andy Warhol Superstar
The end of the world is just the beginning.
Let's Get Nuts!
Two great friends. One grand adventure.
In an instant, their world changed forever.
The Green Slime are coming!
LOVE made her beautiful... WANT made her daring... MEN made her ruthless!
Rock n Roll Fairy Tale
Only the dead survive.
His song is a runaway hit while he's a hit runaway.
They soared from the skies to stage the most daring rescue ever filmed
A boy and a girl---alone against a ship full of mutineers. High adventure on the high seas, with the great star of romance leading the way.
A heart-stopping adventure!
The second cut is the deepest
When the new girls arrives, the girls of St. Clare's Academy get quite an education
Vengeance's fire is raging.
You don't play the game. It plays you.
Every Man Has a Destiny
Taking the world by farce
Some fantasies should never be fulfilled.
I want my money plus interest.... and a present
How Sweet It Was!
Pregnant by music?
HELL HATH NO FURY LIKE A WOMAN SCORNED
A movie by KÌ«ji Wakamatsu
Crime runs in the family.
Get ready for Helen.
One game will change their lives.
When a college student becomes stranded at a trailer park in rural Mississippi, he bargains his way home with a sheet of L.S.D.
Where the Bible left off...his story of redemption began.
The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex!
Gene takes on the British
LATEST IN THE SERIES OF SMASH ACTION WESTERNS
Trust no one
They Rise. We Fall.
you can't run from them‰Û_ you cant hide from them‰Û_
She Will Stop At Nothing
Queen Of The Private Eyes
The one and only real live Evel Knievel in his first dramatic movie role.
A delightful Discworld delivery!
The legacy of six bereaved puppets
Good hearts can do bad things
A shocking experiment. An unspeakable evil.
The greatest victories don't always happen on the field.
Bad girls don't cry. They get even.
Whats so ##%&@# funny ?
FILMED in HAWAII and FILLED with EXCITEMENT!
It's Not Over Yet
Time waits for no man... unless his name is JACK DETH!
Young love is making waves...and Dad's about to get beached!
Cold Steel on the Outside...All Woman on the Inside!
She's coming to get you.
The journey to find yourself can be a long one.
38-22-36 Boy - she has some area code!
No more secrets.
A life for every lie.
Jim Brown goes over the wall to flash with a million $ stash.
Vengeance runs in the blood.
... time waits for no man...
The American Dream on Trial
Killing a priest on a Sunday. That'll be a good one.
You see what it wants you to see
A dozen top stars - five famed directors bring you the best stories of O. Henry!
The toughest guy you ever met ... until an angel said "Hello!"
Amen, Brother!
Man and alien unite to combat the most insidious peril the universe has ever known!
What do you believe?
Fear what's below the surface
How many men can one bullet kill?
Not since 'SPELLBOUND' a masterpiece of suspense like this!
The legend is reborn...
He's villainous, she's venomous.
Two strangers. One extraordinary connection.
Eventually we all must face our demons
You'll Cheer...the Battlin' Bozos of Company "B"!
Their love was a bridge between two worlds!
Yesterday, Dr. Will Caster was only human...
The Most Successful Man In Town,
Imagine being the last of anything.
Victor Crowley Lives Again
Beware Those You Love the Most
Unlock the mystery
Hollywood laid bare!
What a Cast and Story - Crammed With Drama -- Songs -- Girls -- Hatred. And How Dorothy Does That Hula-Hula -- Oh Boy!
Even with backup, he can't sing his way out of this one.
The oddest friends are about to get even
It'll scare the #2 out of you.
Sometimes Love Can Silence All Reason
She's primped. She's engaged. She's back.
The Love Story of the Beauty and the Barbarian! Clash of Armies! Underwater spectacle! Never before such sights to see!
They suck at school.
If you think you know your friends... think again.
Some distractions are better than others.
Some of his best friends were black...some of her best friends were white.
Everybody Out of the Pool
Undercover and never Outgunned
They say the crimes were satanic. The truth may be scarier.
IT'S GOT EVERYTHING!
So New It's A Year Ahead!
M-G-M's Terrific Technicolor Topper!
It's got "Maytime's" glories..."Ziegfeld's" thrills. No wonder 22,000,000 people voted Jeanette MacDonald Queen of Song, Romance and Beauty!
Jake Livingston had to grow up fast... because his mother didn't.
All men are created evil.
He Fought Like an Army, and Lived Like a Legend.
The fall of an empire will be the rise of another.
For a century he's made the world uncertain, and now he is on the loose again.
No turning back
It takes one to kill one.
The past never stays dead
A PICTURE MADE FOR THE MILLIONS WHO LOVED "LITTLE WOMEN"
No warning. No escape.
A series of uncanny dÌ©jÌÊ vu events force a man to re-examine his tragic past, memory, instinct, and future.
Back from extinction!
A cinematic experience of _i_ek's interpretations of reality and virtual reality.
They Take What They Want
More Puppy Love
Puppies love Christmas
Twin girls haunt a new girl in town to steer her down the path to the right killer.
Little Fauss and Big Halsy are not your father's heroes
Family vs. Frat
He was left for dead. He would not forget.
READY, SET, HOWL!
For The Thrill of The Kill
His job kept him sane! Now he's just lost it...
It's Turning the Beach ... Into a Buffet!
The greatest science fiction movie never made
He'll be everything she likes but himself.
Based on the inspiring true story
Blindman, Blindman, what did he do? Stole 50 women that belong to you.
Money changes everything
There's a treat on every trail... a thrill in every spill... in hootin'... howlin'... HELDORADO!
It brings all your fantasies to life.
A single night. A million possibilities. One connection.
Could I KILL ... and not remember?
Beware of the Unseen
Police corruption, drug trafficking, sexual exploitation, love, guilt and revenge.
Two individuals, Jeff and Kelly, claim to be in love with the 80's pop singer Tiffany.
If the Justice Dept of the United States abducted your children, what would you do?
It's not another day at the beach.
What could go wrong?
Two Generations. Two Wars. One Story
All Poke wanted was to get his girl and get out. All the Sheriff wanted... was to get Poke.
The average person uses 10% of their brain capacity. Imagine what she could do with 100%.
To save the future, they must alter the past
The king will rise.
This is Walter!
Awesome night. Epic aftermath.
Revenge comes home
Here at last comes the time of ecstasy, of trances.
There's trouble in OZ...
Starting from scratch never tasted so good.
An elite army of female assassins...in a race against time and death to save the world from a hideously diabolical mass destruction at the hands of a madman no one had ever seen!
Some women can't stand cats ... with me it's men!
Fear is born.
Go! Go! Go! The Coolest Monster Shindig of Chicks and Chills!
Everyone in class, slaughtered.
So many women... Not enough man.
He's the Private With a Private Jeep...a Private Stock of Girls...and a Private Joke on the Whole U.S. Army!
Murder made Beautiful
To win a war, You have to start one
An epic story of struggle and resistance
Captured. On Film.
Students Wanted...For Eternity
Some things are better left alone.
The Newest Edgar Allan Poe Horror Thriller!
The tragedy of a an honest man destroyed by a town's greed.
Real Women. Real Stories
Single Dad, No Clue. Single Mum, Flying Solo.
You're only as strong as your next move.
Outcasts in life. Allies in suburbia.
A film about men....who like My Little Pony
Screaming, Scratching, Biting... And that's just THE GIRLS!
Turn on the Fun! A Heat Wave of Beautiful GIRLS! GAGS! RHYTHM! and ROMANCE!
From stripper to Playmate to household name.
They day belongs to man.  The night is theirs.
She had to marry him. She was too embarrassed to have him as a date.
Don't believe the fairy tale.
A Mysterious Past. An Unspeakable Secret.
You'll be dammed!
HURTLING ACROSS THE HEAVENS AT 95,000 FEET!
Pray you survive the hunt.
Freedom Comes With A Cost
You never know what you'll discover on your first day at college.
Time to try a little trouble!
Trust was something she took for granted
It may be love... but it's definitely exhausting!
Six Chicks in search of a Cluck! ...and so hilariously funny!
A couple of teenagers and their kiss-and-run battle!
He called himself the "Preacher"... and he wrote his sermons in lead!
Life is never easy, but for Jack it's about to get a whole lot harder.
That "White Heat" girl turns it on again!..
You can't pinch a diamond without stealing a few hearts
Bring protection.
To The Unshockables: IT SHOCKS, SHOCKS, SHOCKS, SHOCKS, SHOCKS, SHOCKS, SHOCKS, SHOCKS, SHOCKS, SHOCKS, SHOCKS, SHOCKS
Hike, Laugh, & Inspire on the John Muir Trail
Live, Die, Repeat
One home, one secret, one man, two sisters.
4 marriages, 2 long-faces
Come children of the universe, let Donovan take you away, far far away.
Truth Matters.
VOLCANIC! VALIANT! VICIOUS! Violence and Passion the Screen Has Seldom Seen!
Leave everything behind.
Desperate Times. Desperate Measures.
Journey Back To Where It All Began.
The Mexican cavalry wanted him murdered. The Apache nation wanted him massacred. Texas ranchers wanted him mangled and his only hope was a Marshal, who wanted him hanged.
Sometimes to win, sometimes you have to change the game
Being out has never been so in.
Close your eyes and whisper his name...
The Hits Just Keep on Coming
Before the night is over... someone will be rich, someone will be dead, someone will be avenged.
Your're never too old to kick ass.
Danny is going straight--straight to the electric chair!
M-G-M's great drama of desire under fire!
An Absolute Ball
At 30,000 feet. There's Nowhere to Run.
He didn't come here to be a hero, but things change.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's Honey of a Musical
Mao's call for a cultural revolution was answered by tens of millions of Chinese... and one American.
The Social Network Takes on a Dictator
LUV is fun ... try and make it!
This cowboy ain't done yet
The story of a bride.  Revealing.  Intimate.
One Sick Love Story
The small town of Tickle Cove needed a doctor. What they got was a miracle.
Fight or die!
The Musical Event of the Holiday Season
The version children love!
Torn Apart. Driven Together.
Hotter than Hell's Angels!
Teen-age gang war!
You never really know who your neighbors are...
The big fright! The eerie sight!
Look out Broadway --  Here comes Mickey!
You're not big enough. You're not sharp enough. You'll never make it.
Eventually stars burn out
Recurence of mental illness cripples successful woman.
They offered them a choice - THE FIRING SQUAD . . . or The Wrath of God
Beyond the earth... Beyond the moon... Beyond your wildest imagination!
Battles Are Won Because We Fight Them
Meet the FBI's new secret weapon
Don't Let Her In
Sometimes in order to move forward...you have to go back
They're not 21 anymore
What do you see when you look at me?
The training is over.
or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)
MARKED FOR MURDER
His obsession would become her nightmare.
Absence makes the heart grow darkest
She taunts death for the thrill of it!
Maria's life was a search for the ultimate answer even after she found there was none.
Can this baby kill?
Before she joined the CIA, Mrs. Polifax thought Red China was a set of dishes.
The Click of a Fashion Photographer's Camera Started Her on a Career That Led to Terror and Death!
The Most Fiendish Idea Ever Conceived By The Human Brain!
There's a Sexual Revolution Going On... And All the Leaders Are in My Family!
The woman hunt is on... For the girl with the little black book.
On this pitch... Life is on the line
The Feeding Never Ends
Hammer Horror! Dragon Thrills! The First Kung Fu Horror Spectacular!
12 years in the making.
They had the power. She had the truth.
SUCH FUN! That college girl who can't help lovin' tall boys!...
Enter At Your Own Risk
The Last Superhero!
Ransacking a lost tropic island... for a fabulous idol of gold!
Where do you run when there's no place to run? Where do you hide when there's no place to hide?
Information is power.
He was a good, law-abiding citizen, but she didn't hold that against him.
Murder and Madness is THE DEADLY TRAP.
This is not war. It's extinction.
Strange girls in his room... Loaded guns in his back... Looks like it'll be a bang-up vacation!
She Was a Wonderful Sweetheart...But a Terrible Enemy!
...makes
Being a teenager can be murder.
When you think you've gone far enough, go farther.
What happens to us when people stop acting like they're supposed to?
When we lose our innocence, we have to find ourselves.
A shocking vision of things to come...
He came...She came...They both came
When others fly out, heroes fly in.
For every drop of black blood spilled...A white man pays.
Girls Caged Without Their Guys!
A private dick. A classy chick. An old guy named Al. As detectives they were second to everyone.
A Talking Mule....the funniest film surprise in 5 years!
Just another period western meta comedy short film.
She hit the road. The road hit back.
Coming soon to a reality near you
If it's in a word, or it's in a look, you can't get rid of the Babadook.
On an island forgotten by time, perilous adventure awaits!
Be careful where the truth may lead...
Love battling against the sorcery of the jungle!
The unwanted will have their day.
The road to greatness can take you to the edge.
You don't know what you've got 'til it's...
Heads it's . . . Willie tails it's Phil.
Everyone has a bad day. Henry has one every day.
The world's toughest bike race is not in France
Double Dhamaka
A Friend Helps You Move. A Good Friend Helps You Move a Body.
Don't Pet Them ... Fear Them!
Terror that tears the screams right out of your throat!
A journey into the cannibal inferno!
One last chance for peace.
Haan Farishtey Hote Hain....
Kill the target before you bleed to death!
Two boys make a splash at love.
No one runs. No one escapes.
An Ambitious Man, An Immoral Plan.
STEEL RAILS REPLACE BURNING LEATHER!
Where It All Goes Down
This time they messed with the wrong guy!
An unspeakable horror... Destroying... Terrifying!
"THE STRANGE ONE" IS A STRANGE ONE!
The movie your parents will hate.
His adventure made him a hero.His showmanship made him a legend.
Abducted, Ransomed, Delivered
How Margaret might have done it...
Welcome to the Family
Mind over matter
No one gets out alive!
A movie about a movie they don't want you to see.
All he wanted was a little adulation
School's out and everything's in!
No one will forget that night of vengeance when the tiger came back to stalk his prey!
Swallow Your Fear
Last Battle of the Korean War
Welcome to America, where one night a year, all crime Is legal.
HE is gangland's most hunted target!
Full of love, songs, laughs and surprises!
Four children... Three horse thieves... One amazing adventure!
All heroes start somewhere.
The Greatest Quake in Human History threatens to Rock The World!
R U Agitated?
BYE-BYE, SPY! HERE COME THE MARINES!...What action! Iron-fisted leatherneck mows down sabotage ring...on hurtling cross-country bus!
It's a scream!
You are what you eat
The Adventure of two lifetimes
Where Anything Goes and Everyone Belongs.
Existing Soon.
New team. New attitude. New mission.
Goliyon Ki Raasleela
Before he was a legend, he was a man.
One down, five to go
Beyond darkness... beyond desolation... lies the greatest danger of all.
Marital Separation
Love doesn't act its age.
Life is an occasion. Rise to it.
They go a million years back in time... And land a million miles out of space!
What if the world you lived in weren't real?
California's fight for freedom!
Hope was never lovelier... Elberg was never funnier!
They know we are here...
Mistakes were made
A story of love
Based on the work of the great Fontanarrosa.
Anyone for seconds?
No one will ever believe our story.
She built one life on love, the other on deciet
The Burma Conspiracy
Conform. Or be conformed.
It's Never Too Late
Every Step Has Led To This
IT'S MURDER!...and it's HORRIFIC!
Beautiful... Deadly... In their Veins the Blood of Monsters!
... and then, without warning, the machine became a frankenstein of steel!
A Love Story
Back to the beginning
MGM Presents THE LEAP YEAR COMEDY!
It's all about sex.
Be Careful What You Wish For...
Love will set her free.
One moment can change everything
Fear the man with nothing left to lose.
A realistic film became too real! Shark will rip you apart!
The Funk Don't Quit
The True Story of the Drivers Who Risked Their Lives and Changed the Sport Forever
We're ducked
Love is a very strange thing
Abby doesn't need a man anymore... the Devil is her lover now!
A forbidden memory...
Terror Gets Domesticated
An unholy trinity of terror, three times the horror, three times the murders.
Life's greatest journey begins with the first step.
Get ready to root for the bad guys.
Everyone is different...some more than others
How long can she remain
M-G-M's Great Drama of the Adventurous West!
M For Father
He Knows You're Out There ...
Online is the scene of the #crime
The Screen's Master Manhunt!
He's running for his life and running out of time.
Expand your universe.
Mysterious. Dangerous. Reptilious. You've never seen heroes like this.
Nothing is what it seems.
True Crime. True Love. True Story.
Justice will come for you.
Search for truth. Find freedom.
The American Dream Isn't Free
How the pro-lifers are winning
‰ÛÏOscar Wilde on acid,‰Û ‰ÛÏlike Downton Abbey and almost as funny,‰Û ‰ÛÏlike E.M Forster on steroids‰Û and ‰ÛÏa cross between a budgerigar and an accountant.‰Û
Where women wait to seal your fate!
Fake Cops. Real Trouble.
Based on the terror that has shocked the nation!
MERCY or MURDER? Can you condemn this man?
Superheroes come in all sizes
To find Olympus, they must fight to survive.
YOU'RE DRAFTED . . . to enjoy the laughs in the Latest and Funniest
Charles STARRETT'S guns ablazing... Smiley BURNETTE'S fun amazing!
Say hello to his little friend!
GET HEP to a HIT!
They tried to leave the golden city with the most valuable prize of all - their lives!
There's nothing more deadly than a gentle man pushed too far
Extinction Has Arrived
Hollywood in the '20s...Gin, Sin and a Night they're still whispering about!
Documented for the first time witness the untold story of the tragedy at Eden Parish
Move to your beat. Move to your moment. Move to your love.
There is no justice without sin.
DANGER AT NIGHTFALL ! ROMANCE AT DAYBREAK !
Live for Love.
Love is not a thing that grows only in the dark!
Sometimes a little anarchy can be a life-changing experience.
Fear will pull you under
No wonder they're happy. They just stole a half-million dollars in front of a hundred-thousand witnesses... But watch what happens when it's time for The Split!
A story of friendships without borders
Together they devour life
THE CRY THAT ROCKED THE WORLD'S HOTTEST STRIP OF HELL!
How much is enough?
Friendship... there's nothing in it for anybody.
Ex-Con...Carnival Kid...
A quest for self-improvement
GB's Eight Star Special
You shouldn't go to sleep tonight
A macabre story of two motorcycle-riding, knife-wielding, shiv-shaving, eye-gouging, arm-twisting, chain-lashing, scalpel-flashing, acid-throwing, gun-shooting, bone-breaking, pathological nuts and their pal the UNDERTAKER...
Nothing is random
Find your reason to fly.
Believing is just the first step
You Only Enter Once
The legend is real. So is the terror.
Right target. Wrong woman.
The chase is on!
The only way out is down.
The screen's most daring sleuth!
Death To The Last Of Gangdom's KILLERS!
You always hate the ones you love
Brands, Globalization & Resistance
Drama
Identity and performance in popular culture
Be careful who you let in
A horror icon is reborn
A star‰Ûªs trek for life, liberty, and love.
One Bit to Ruin Them all...
Dead or alive, justice will be served
A Camera. A Collection. An Obsession.
An epic story of wooden derricks, iron men...and a defiant woman.
See It...Find Out What It Means!
What The Streets Don't Teach This Jail Does!
Thieves and Killers are my Clients!
A love story that is tough ... and tender!
Alamo Bay. A place where everyone risked everything for a piece of the American Dream.
Pity me...  I had love -- and threw it away!
Everyone Will Finally Be Equal
THE WEST'S THRILL CHAMPS IN ACTION AGAIN!
CHUCK WANTED TO BE A BIG SHOT LIKE HIS OLD MAN...until one day...he learned the old man was a two-bit stooge!
Who do you trust?
Who is John Galt?
Based on the inspirational true story.
Prepare to go
Pray for the Prey
Life can change at the turn of a page.
After the ceremony comes the ritual.
The only thing they can't forgive is not being from ... God's Pocket
From poverty to a president.  A great American story!
STRANGEST OF ALL HORROR STORIES!
Family is a cruel joke.
You've met the Rat Pack... now... meet the Mouse Pack!
They Really Get Under your Skin
Make Something From Nothing
Heroes aren't made... They're cornered.
Darkness is to be feared... above and below.
Cloak And Dagger Operations Exposed. Secret Agent Charlie Bind O.O.O.H! Takes The Lid Off The Funniest Spy Story Of The Year!
He comes tearing in with a gun and a grin ... to carve a new notch in the Silver Belt of Nevada !
What was in his heart... love... greed... or murder...
Triple murder on a luxury line...Chan's best friend a victim!
Democracy with a Smile
We challenge you to guess the ending of...
Somebody wants him dead for a secret he doesn't have!
Run - Remember - Survive
First he gets into your house. Then he gets into your head.
Connection takes courage
The life and times of American tattoo master Norman K. Collins
Dare you enter the labyrinth?
Shark happens!
Filthy Rich, Spoilt Rotten
Some people are afraid of all the wrong things
He's in the will. She's in the way.
Driven By Love...And Bank Robbing
You'll Have The Time Of His Life
Acting your age is so overrated.
When you are playing both sides, who do you trust?
This girl is in trouble!
Fear is Contagious
50,000 bands and 1 disgusting bathroom
History is made one step at a time.
Thrilling New Millions ! Right out of the pages of the Saturday Evening Post comes the best-seller acclaimed by Millions !
There's a new Bogart thrill in the sky!
Say goodbye to reason.
A spy is never out of the game.
See the hilarious BATTLE OF THE BUTT!
I was 17 when my mother disappeared...
A one-of-a-kind story about two-of-a-kind men who (for better or worse) changed film forever.
No system is safe.
A coming of Rage story
When troubles strikes friends stack together
A princess's crime and punishment
She's every woman you'll never know....
You'll Like This One!---It's a rollicking, jolly, happy picture---a laugh all the way.
Shape Ahoy!
Welcome Home. Get Uncomfortable.
Roaring ACTION! Riotous ROMANCE!
How much inequality is too much?
A woman with a profane love... for a man of God.
Welcome to the Future
The Birth of Fear
The most lethal sniper in U.S. history.
Soldier. Mother. So many expectations.
Let me tell you a story...
Sometimes to find yourself you need to get a little lost.
He's The "Mother" of The Year!
A COAST TO COAST FUN TOOT!
Love and hate need no translation.
Welcome to the future of your past.
He Will Bring Out The Devil In You
Before the Conjuring, there was Annabelle.
Success is Our Only Option
He was a homicidal maniac who LIVED TO KILL!
Beauty is only skin deep.
The 21st Century REAR WINDOW.
Family is the gift that keeps on taking.
Before love. After sex.
Sex experiments in pursuit of a better tomorrow!
When she's in his arms, it's the grandest thrill the screen can give!
In prison, no one cares if you scream!
Super sisters on cycles - better move your butt when these ladies strut!
Every bloodline has a beginning
Chandler is a private eye. It's a hard way to make a living... and an easy way to die.
Triple murder for high stakes! A new high in mystery excitement! And laughs, too!
Beyond the darkness terror lives forever.
Be young, stay young ... and die young.
Your time is coming to an end ‰ÛÒ Ours is now beginning
Mercy is for the Weak
The new name for adventure.
Murderous Spies invade Olympic Games!
A fiendish killer lurks at the opera! Weird! Thrilling! The Master Minds of Crime Match Wits Against Each Other!
We may forget the past, but it never forgets us.
Go to Hell.
Some Legends are born out of Struggle.
MAN PAYS A PRICE...WOMAN PAYS A PENALTY!
They were hunting him down like a mad dog!
The border: where dreams begin and end. A fence. A line drawn in the sand. A war zone.
When hope is all you have.
Unzip your head
To save the future he must reshape the past.
Forget everything you've ever heard about heroes. Now there is "The Red Tent."
Would you give up what you need... to get everything you want?
The most terrifying name in the history of the world now gives you the most horrifying thrill in the history of motion pictures!
There Is No Place To Hide
Unrated
It Will Take All Her Magic to Rescue Her Friends!
Wally and Margie are a riot!
What price would you put on your health?
Some interviews with some vampires
Bravery is contagious
Wanted by the Law
Use your illusion...
You never forget your first love.
Don't set him off.
HUSTLE. HEIST. REPEAT.
‰Û_only in Rome could this story happen‰Û_
Take What's Yours
This ain't no place for a lady...
Defend your Honor.
Two films. One love.
War never ends quietly.
Bad men will bleed.
Love Thy Neighbor
In a future without water, vengeance will rain.
Come party with these guys!
It's Alive
The Deeper You Go, The Darker It Gets
FOUR TIMES IN 18 EERIE MINUTES CHARLIE CHAN FACES DEATH! -- Death from a poison dart! -- Death from a streaking bullet! -- Death from a gleaming dagger!
The strange case of murder by magic!
PARIS! BLACKOUT!...but there's no blackout for crime...and the great detective is commandeered!
Blood will run for a single kiss.
Sing Your Heart Out!
Her dad did time... Now he wants quality time.
First he was her prince... now he's her hero.
One more minute... and the fleet is doomed!
MUST CONFESS. HONORABLE SON...This Is My Most Baffling Case!
A Story of Faith, Sexuality, Love and Friendship.
Sit down and shut up
The Terror Drug That Wakes the Dead!
It's going to be a hell of a night!
One day can change everything.
With eyes that see all, lips that tell nothing, Charlie Chan unmasks the most sinister crime of his career.
Three hunted men and their desperate women...
The End Begins
Sometimes the only way to self-improve is to self-destruct.
They do not come in peace.
An alienated teenager's posturing online threat ignites a firestorm of fear in a small community.
SCIENCE HARNESSED BY MADMEN TO WIPE OUT AMERICA'S MILLIONS!
A comedy about getting on the same page.
Fear The Lights...
Beware the beat of the cloth-wrapped feet!
Bruno and Gus made the ultimate hit... now they're the targets.
A severed hand beckons from an open grave!
Keep telling yourself it's just a game
You think you know this story? You don't.
The film maps out three of the biggest stars in a scene which has gripped youth the world over.
The city shines brightest at night
If You've Killed Once, You'll Kill Again
Murder is his salvation
The cat is back!
From the creators of Wreck-it Ralph and Frozen
A laugh with every gasp!
The City of Angels Has Gone to Hell
In a cut-throat property market, she'd kill for a harbour view.
When they left him Home Alone, He had to SAVE CHRISTMAS.
Stalin ruled with an iron fist.....But his death was only the beginning
Made of FIRE and ICE... and everything DANGEROUS!
How could it happen to Janet...so shy, so young, and so much like yourself? Where did she go wrong... and why... WHY... WHY?
Right Love. Wrong Time.
Some gifts come in extraordinary packages.
Once you see the future, you can't look away.
Before the West ever saw the American Cowboy... Winterhawk had become a Blackfoot Legend.
It's the Silliest Party of the Year...and you're all invited!
Behind the Blindfold is the Greatest Security Trap Ever Devised!
A couple have a fight over a scrabble game unaware that a full scale nuclear war has started.
There is nothing more human than the will to survive
Lust for life, unshackled.
A tale of falling out of love for the first time.
Aladdin! Sinbad! Ali Baba! Scheherezade!
The Ultimate Rush.
Devil's sorcery, as a dead man returns for vengeance!
They shocked us. They outraged us. They didn't do anything wrong. They just did it first.
The greatest western ever made...in Somerset
THEY'RE BACK AGAIN...in the most hilarious comedy of their career!
This is that movie about those people.
What would you do to get into the Guinness Book of Records?
According to StÌ©phane Halleux's Universe
When the girl of your dreams is half your age, it's time to grow up.
DEATH AFLOAT...striking swiftly. suddenly...leaving on each strangled victim a calling card of crimson coin...thirty pieces of silver!
San Francisco is the scene of Chan's newest and most baffling mystery!
Love. Honour. Disarray.
Who's on your list?
Sometimes what you are looking for... is looking for you.
Based on true events... that may not have happened
A Blast With Both Barrels Blazing!
The Fight For Freedom Never Ends
The greatest treasure known to man. The greatest adventure of all time.
Meet Fievel. In his search to find his family, he discovered America.
Germinate. Contaminate. Annihilate...
The Ultimate Superstorm is Back - And This Time It's Deadlier...
It's never too late to find someone worth living for.
Pledging was hell ... Getting in was murder
A Zellner Bros. Adventure
We know they are there - advanced beyond our imagination. Why have they come?
The Story Of An American Band
The Mission is a Man
HERE IS THE RAW TRUTH...NAILED TO THE SCREEN!
They called it an accident. He called it murder. It was their conspiracy. It was his son.
5 BIG SONG HITS! -
The Latest & Most Horrifying Chapter...
In a deserted town... The terror continues!
The All-New, Terror-Filled Chapter!
It's never too late to change
Passion. Power. Betrayal.
Love is the Goal
ROWDIEST, LUSTIEST AFFAIR EVER SEEN!
A couple on their honeymoon in Morocco survive a deadly car accident in the middle of the desert.
Do You Dare See What Dr. Diabolo Sees?
short
The sensational expose of the complicity of Britain, USA and Australia in the continuing genocide in East Timor.
The gun that became the law of the land !
HOPPY OUTWITS THE OUTLAWS!...and signs their death warrants with his blazing gun!
It's All About Feeling Good.
She has a killer appetite.
There's no such thing as a simple life.
A rare thing
Based on the shocking true story
Feeling great...Walking tall...Hit my number, That's all!
ALL TALKING DRAMA OF NEW YORK'S NIGHT LIFE
Drama that will toy with your heart
Those rollicking STARS of "HANDS ACROSS THE TABLE"
The tops in topsy-turvy romance!
The Outback Can Be Crazy This Time Of Year
Love-laughs explode all over the place when Garbo plays twin sisters, and Melvyn Douglas loves both of them!
Her Lips Kissed...But Never Told!
STAND IN HIS WAY..AND DIE!
The truth lies within
The Greatest Adventure in 70 Million Years
In the grim darkness of the far future there is only war
Two Worlds. One Magical Secret.
Adventure beyond Pixie Hollow
Take one daring step beyond the threshold of your own imagination.
She knew her way around men!
Freedom has its price.
Dustin thought his life was a mess... now he's sure.
As Refreshing As A Breath Of Spring !
Dreams come true.
Destination: Washington D.C. Purpose: Nuclear Terrorism
Everyone wanted him. No one could control him.
No secret stays locked away forever.
In 1957 Cheryl Drove Her Mom's Chevy on a Heavy Date: Got Knocked Up, Knocked Over a Bank, Smashed Four Police Cars, and Kidnapped Her Stepfather. It Was a Crazy Year!
Crime and Punishment
Everybody's 'choice' for a great big wonderful time!
Like Father. Like Son. Born To Kill.
Life is measured in moments that leave you breathless.
How Can You Tell Them To Be Good When Their Girl Friends Like Them Better When They're Bad!
Carefree Cary Grant on a gay holiday with his lovely bride walks right into DANGER!
A COMEDY YOU CAN STILL RESPECT IN THE MORNING
Attraction can be fatal.
Careful what you wish for
AMERICAN WOMEN OF TODAY
From the heart of its people comes the ... cry of the city.
A journey that takes one man into the bowels of black magic in Mexico City
Get ready for war.
His pain is your pleasure.
Sometimes you win. Sometimes you learn.
Action at point-blank range.
One of Chan's Most Terrifying Cases!
No one is what they seem.
One guy can ruin the perfect relationship.
One Hell of A Ride
70 Minutes Of Happiness and Hi-Jinks!
Brutes! Savages! Heroes! They're Mercenaries... They're Paid to do a Job!
He's the Two-Fisted Hero of the Square Mile of Hell the Devil Himself disowned!
Dare to care.
Something's Got To Give......! When the emotions and longings of a man are pent-up in the body of a child!
Payback can be deadly.
The Rolling Stones!
Love knows no borders.
A falta de plata... Sale el cobre
Are you willing to pay the price of success?
If you invite it in, it will never let you go.
Their untamed love spoke louder than war drums!
The children's story that is not for children...
A Comedy that spans 1 mile, 2 romances, 3 careers, 4 days, 5 relatives and $379,000.
The Epic Battle That Turned The Tide Of World War II.
Close the Deal
A race for world power - who will succeed: CIA or KGB
SENSATIONAL SUSPENSE DRAMA!
FEMALE WITCH DOCTOR...FIENDISH TIGRESS OF THE JUNGLE!
The kid himself
The Daring Plan; The Staggering Odds!
The Cycles... The Surf... And The Swingers That Make It All Go!
Radio's master of mystery NOW on the screen!
She got their autographs in...
MGM's splashy Technicolor musical!
They had one enemy even more deadly than the Apaches... each other!
Sin. Suffer. Repeat.
What Should a Girl Do When Oppurtunity Knocks...Twice?
The people of Perseverance are dying for a little rain
And so the beast created one.
PARENTS: Be sure your children are sufficiently mature to witness the intimate details of this frank and revealing film.
Heads up. They're back.
Justice is a quick draw.
All Bets Are Off.
A trio of terror!
Come Face to Face with Evil
A terrifying force that cannot be resisted is here ...
The debut film from the Soska sisters.
Murdered!...but his eyes lived to condem his killer...
Aboard a treasure ship Chan battles his most elusive adversary... the ghost of a pirate 100 years dead!
Happily ever after is just a song away...
Darkness is his ally.
If you live through the gang wars, the pushers, the back-alley deathtraps... YOU GONNA BE A STAR!
Put down your trumpet, jazzman -- I'm in the mood for love!
He's a brawling, sprawling giant - on the make for fame and fortune and then some!
Michael Caine plunges into the world of the adulterous... the treacherous... and the perverse!
The dead will walk, talk and ride shotgun.
A man rises up to lead his people in a brave and risky struggle for freedom in this epic-scale historical drama.
A past curse. A present evil. Who will survive?
Uninvestigated, unsolved and unpunished. Until now.
Dancehall lovelie!  Boy on leave!  Murder became their business!
What's all the noise about?
Men, Women... he used them, ruined them on his fantastic march to self-destruction
The BIG THREE Of The Golden West... They're Dynamite!
Their passion crosses the boundaries of time.
A small group of everyday passengers on a speeding London commuter train battle their warped driver who has a dark plan for everyone on board.
For Americans captured in Vietnam, one war ended. Another was about to begin.
Get Your JUICE ON!
Some loves can never let go.
Callan... doesn't make friends - and all his enemies are dead!
The true enigma was the man who cracked the code.
Under the paving stones, the beach!
Piece by Piece...Atom by Atom...Humans Invisibly Teleported Through Time and Space!!!
A Hot-Blooded Crew of Cut-Throats!
Hex Marks the Spot!
The way back begins with a single chord.
The smallest epic film you'll ever see!
Fire burns brighter in the darkness
Hard to love... Harder to kill.
Fake it 'til you make it.
The story about St. John, his visions, and the time he spent on the Island of Patmos.
Two Can Keep A Secret... If One Of Them Is Dead.
Not every love happens at first sight
Who says you can't fall in love every day?
A Romance of the Shining Rails
Human lives are offered up daily to the Beast of the City Jungle, so that scented, silken-clad women can enjoy the forbidden thrills of a modern Babylon! See this heart-wrenching drama!
They said this book was "throbbing, vital, absorbing." (N.Y. American) You'll say the same thing about the picture!
'A Modern Drama From Real Life'
Once brothers, now enemies.
You never know what you might find
We can all lose control
Sometimes you can't agree which way is up.
Some things are better left buried.
"SENORITA...I'M CRAZY with LOVE FOR YOU" -- BUD "HE'S CRAZY ALRIGHT...BUT I'm your DAISY" -- LOU
Jammed With Action ! . . Loaded With Excitement ! . . . And Every Thrill-Packed Word Is True !
Million-Dollar DAMES...A Million-Buck HEIST!...A Million Volt SHOCKER!
The first movie from the family that's truly ahead of its time!
Small time robbery. Big time mess.
The hottest action ever to hit the slopes.
The Nightmare Begins With The Kids Next Door
2 men, 2 bikes, 20,000 miles...
The Second Parts Are More Fools
Discover the wonder. Follow the magic. Find the promised land.
When a new kind of weapon wrote history in the Old West!
She had him at ‰ÛÏI'm your best friend's girlfriend‰Û
Zane Grey's great romance of the west.
25 years. Hundreds of victims. Justice for none.
The Accusation Is All That Matters
Heaven help us
She doesn't play well with others.
TOO MANY COOKS!
Karma is Action, Vipaka is Reaction
A satire about being a Black face in a white place.
True Love Rocks
They gave their souls to Hell‰Û_ but the Devil wanted MORE!
The incredible true story of an underdog who never gave up
Freedom comes from letting go
Get ready to clear the air
For hundreds of years guitars have been made the same way, but now this could all change.
Writing is easy. Living is hard.
Just beacause they love each other doesn't mean they have to like it.
His Mind Changed Our World. Her Love Changed His.
The only place they belong is together
The Great American Motion Picture !
Not since
HURRY! HERE'S A HIT!
A change is going to come...
WINTER's amazing true story... now has HOPE.
He got promoted. They got demoted. They'll get even.
How Well Do You Know Your Friends?
Its Not How Hard You Fall, Its How You Get Back Up
Love makes life live...
Some people never learn
An outrageous movie!
Not everything is love
Do Not Resuscitate
Because on the moon, it's already done
All myths have an origin
He defied death like a god... he succumbed to love as a man.
Where dreams end and nightmares begin.
This street race is about to get deadly
Revenge never looked so good.
Say hello to Izzy. Then say goodbye.
Mess with the Seven-Ups, and they WILL mess you worse.
This nightmare has already killed five people - now it's yours to live!
You'll Always Remember . . . And Never Forget . . . Destroyer
Where do you find love?
She would kill to be famous.
Are you ready for "End Of The Road"?
Promise we'll remain a secret, forever.
Eyes On The World's Most Beautiful Prize
Havoc in Heaven
Let the song of the sea sway your heart...
Where did humanity come from?
Welcome to the maze.
Open your heart, find your voice.
Share the ultimate modern adventure
You're what's for dinner.
Based on the incredible true story that inspired Moby Dick
There Is No Such Thing As Easy Money
The Comedy that dreams the impossible scheme!
The final seduction begins.
Genius. Hero. Outcast.
You can't turn this mob over to the cops. They are the cops.
It's a World Series of Laughs!
The park is open.
Evil lives within you
Family is hell
Music is the strongest form of magic
They call him PRETTY FACE! ...and his credo is simple and short and sweet!
All he wants for Christmas is his memory back.
The outside is dead.
New Crime. Same Tools.
When there's no more room in Hell, the dead will go to DETENTION!
The most terrifying motion picture ever!
LIKE A THIEF IN THE NIGHT...she steals men's hearts!
It's that incurable 'DOCTOR' team in their NEWEST and SAUCIEST!
Happy-Go-Laughable Hit!
A Super Spectacle Depicting the Romantic Adventures of THE LORD OF ALL LOVERS!
He'll Know You're Alone!
The Funniest Story of High-Seas Hilarity Ever to Set Audiences Adrift in Helpless Hysteria!
THE LAUGH OF YOUR LIFE-TIME!
The happiest day of a girl's life...and then a strange shadow falls across her love!
Everyone has a dark side
ARMED WITH A DOCTOR'S KIT, HE FACED 1000 KILLERS!
Why would a dame like her go for a guy like me?
At Hella Burger, It Won't Be The Food That Kills You... But You'll Wish It Did.
Small time crooks... Big time idiots!
A story never told before!
MGM's spectacular Technicolor musical excitingly filmed in Florida's beautiful Cypress Gardens!
The boy can't help it.
The awakening of love.
Truth is funnier than fiction!
JUST ABOUT THE MOST WONDERFUL LOVE STORY EVER FILMED!
Earth is a Battle Ground
A pretty girl and the stunning shock that marriage brings her!
Ripped Raw and Roaring from Real Life!
You'll Say: "FUNNIEST" picture of my Life!
Keep your Friends Close
Mystery fiction's most notorious rogue...  now on the screen!
Presents aren't the only thing they're unwrapping!
A magnificent Christmas spectacular.
A crash course in traffic school.
It Happened On... The Happy Road
Always outnumbered. Never outfought.
Between greed and betrayal lies a hard place...
The Movie Event That Will Blow Their Cover
A Latino comic's near-death experience forces him to revisit his personal and professional highs and lows.
There's more to family than what you see.
His life was a whirlwind. His music was honest. His faith was reckless.
To honour a promise. To find his sons. To make his peace.
A Skeptic's Journey into the World of Yoga
Ho ho no.
The Adventure Begins
The dead are back for life.
The Maze Was Just the Beginning.
When you look down on a pornstar, you're still looking...
Their Vision Is Television
Scooby-Doo and those "meddling kids" Shaggy, Fred, Daphne and Velma are back in this all-new adventure!
A motion picture with the hard edge of today!
Why am I on Santa's naughty list? Why? Why?
The cocktail is back
A film about bravery, courage, heroism and the ultimate sacrifice.
The greatest adventure man ever lived!
A drama of the river underworld
A Forbidden Love That Threatened Two Kingdoms!
Their Orders...Sink the Tirpitz!
That Doctor is Back ...and She-Sick!
Britain's new laughter team
Bob and Kate...Simply Great
Amazing Adventure Beneath the Curse of the Jaguar God!
m-m-m-m-Mylene's m-m-m-m-Marvelous!
Suddenly... uncontrollably... Bardot in love as no woman ever loved before!
Hearing voices can be murder.
The west, the way it really was... before the myths were born.
Santa Fights Dirty
The end is near.
He gave her a gift this town will never forget.
Innocence ends in blood
There's another bat in Gotham...
She's Alone. No One Believes Her. And There's No Way Out.
Here is Drama That Will Open Your Eyes and Awaken Your Heart!
There is one single industry destroying the planet more than any other. But no one wants to talk about it...
You have one life. Live it.
A crippled plane. A crazed convict...
A story of life, love... and one other word.
What goes on in prison is a crime.
A chemical reaction got him some action!
A short film by Erik Wernquist
You can't kill their spirit
No warning. No mercy. No escape.
Here Comes The Fuzz
Finding the right man can be murder
Evil has a new form.
One Girl. Four Killers... Welcome Home.
On The Dark Side Of Dreams, A New Terror Takes Shape.
6' 2" of dynamite caught in the web of international intrigue!
Robots rule the Earth. Only one man can stop them.
Hit the jump for more
Nick wanted to be a made man until he found a reason to get out.
You Can't Bury the Truth
History has a violent way of repeating itself.
When the dead break free all hell breaks loose
Don't kiss, don't tell
Can you keep a national secret?
Don't go home
Come in, don't be afraid...
See the True Story of a Fictional Life
Art is for everyone
When Performance Counts... You Need High Test Girls. Their Body Work's the Best!
Out of Prison ... Out of Control ... and Totally Out of His Mind!
the great kidnapping
The Ultimate Cheer Off!
The worms are waiting.
Those Fabulous 'Emmanuelle' Girls Are Back in an Epic of Sensational Sin!
Find the courage, fight together
It's what's inside that counts.
Sometimes the most powerful friendships are held together by only a thread.
Enter at your own risk ... for there is no such thing as a truly empty room
Two Dads. One Mission. Double the Holiday Fun!
She lost her perfect love... until she found his perfect double.
"Every Girl Should be Married" says Cary Grant, Noted Bachelor Baby Doctor, so she took his advice and married HIM!
They've got a single dream ... and she's terrific !
Witness the defining chapter of the Middle-Earth saga
Millions followed her in battle . . . but no man could conquer the Viking Queen
One dream can change the world.
Survival. Resilience. Redemption.
Brave the deep. Find the gold. Trust no one.
FOR YOUR HEART'S SAKE SEE IT!
In a world of wife swapping, drugs and chocolate covered lobsters, murder seemed so uncivilised.
An ex-CIA agent is hired to rescue the kidnapped son of a beautiful executive
Zorro is back!
The Black Moses, The Hammer, and The Preacher Man. They've got their own kind of mean game.
Brother or enemy - no mercy was given!
Quick- Treacherous- And Deadly To Anyone Who Tried To Cross Them!
Miracles are made by people who refuse to stop believing.
Naa Commitment, Naa Appointment, Only Punishment!
WIDOW STEALS GANGSTERS LOVE
Fast money comes at a dangerous price
The beauty of creating life. The freedom to give it away...
3-D! It's Back! It's Bigger! It's Better! And it's... Comin' At Ya!
He's out now... The terror has just begun!
You cant kill what is dead
Love... it's a balancing act
This is one game you don't want to miss.
The Postman and Gardener Who Took on McDonald's, and Won.
The greatest sports movie ever made... about grocery bagging!
Utilizing hours of unseen archival footage, The Beales is a new take on the women of Grey Gardens
Every man was hers to command
I always wanted to be happy, so I decided to be.
Somewhere in his mind!
A Place of Total Despair. All the youthful beauty of Europe enslaved for the pleasure of the 3rd Reich.
What happened in Vegas?!
Half a zebra, a whole lot of adventure!
#VALUE!
The result is never in question. Just the path you take to get there.
Their first meeting was daring. Their last would be deadly.
The explosive true story!
A film made without a camera, made by painting directly on the film.
Love your neighbor, meaning, to treat others as you would have them treat you.
Right crime. Wrong country.
She created it. He sold it. And they bought it.
Be careful what you wish for...
The Cop in Blue Jeans...is dressed to kill.
May the 'Police Farce' be with you...!
Discover how little you know about the people you know.
Inside Us Lives A Killer
Be part of mankind's last hope.
The Film Hackers Tried To Get Banned
A warning to the Mayor: FLAP is here! The Indians have already claimed Alcatraz. City Hall may be next. You have been warned.
Manners maketh man.
Once her nightmare begins...the terror never ends!
One Final Night to Save the Day.
A computer animation odyssey
A Crimefighter, on a parallel Earth, Powered by Magic.
Justice. Undercover.
A true tale of love, liberty and scandal amongst the Edwardian artists' colony in Cornwall
An Unlikely Group Of Heroes!
Is it possible to eat healthy on a food stamp budget?
A modern divorce story.
What's the difference between justice and punishment?
One good girl, several very bad choices
This Little Fool Thinks She's Getting A Damn Pony
Some women will do anything a man asks...
Join us in a classic tale of adventure, romance, bravery and a really mean mouse.
Everyone has nightmares about the ugliest way to die.
26 girls. 26 letters in the alphabet. 1 campus legend.
See it with a song in your heart!
The fate of a woman.
She risked life and family to change the world.
A beautiful woman. A deadly scheme. A perfect murder.
The Waiting is Over...The Love Machine now on the Screen !
Twelve chances to get it right.
Death is fleeting... Love lasts forever.
Look who's been naughty and nice.
Right-On!
Terror Has No Limits
That laugh-crazy "Carry On" shower at their hilarious best!
Oh! What a Carry On When that Crazy Bunch Join the Police Force
Stay Awake. Breathe your Life depends on it.
It's Another 'Four Daughters' Hit! And they're gayer than ever, sweeter than ever, better than ever before!
In The Final War Between Heaven & Hell, Pray He's On Your Side.
Demon Uprising
ADVENTURE AS FIERY AND FURIOUS AS THE FLAMING SANDS OF CHINA'S GOBI DESERT!
I loved a guy with a gun --
Slipping silently out of the fog... came murder!
Al Capone... Get lost! Dillinger... Phooey on you! Here come the funniest crooks since crime began!
So frank . . so outspoken... so true...
Justice is Served
A stabbing nightmare becomes a living terror!
Who Would Dare Lift the Mask!
Ex-lovers. Ex-partners. Ex-successes. The only thing together was their music.
When darkness falls, the son will rise. When the son falls, the dark knight will rise.
Sometimes the interests of heaven and hell are not so far apart.
She was always a bit weird...now she is truly insane.
Forgive me Father. For I am Sin.
She's coming for her.
Through the Looking Glass and Straight to Hell
Who are the neighbours having for dinner?
It was a small Louisiana town where people live and love and die and no one ever thought of locking their doors‰Û_ except in the Monroe house.
Part Snake! Part Fish! All Killer!
Dog River Has Always Been Flat. But Now It's Flat Broke.
Where they live and love dangerously!
There is no greater violence than a father's revenge for the rape of his daughter.
When You Push Too Far, Even A Peaceful Man Gets Fighting Mad.
always listen to your felines
When the price of lust is death..!
Be Warned: You will actually see a man turned inside-out.
30% human, 70% robot, 100% lethal.
Real Friends Do the Dirty Work.
Spend it with the ones you loathe
Young. Not so innocent.
He's Home... But He's Not Alone.
Better Than a Visit from Saint Nick Himself!
All the school's a stage.
Two lovers. One chance. No time.
No Rules, No Mercy, Only the strongest will survive
A funny catch!
Fitzwilly strikes again!
Check your reservations at the door.
It's a Hard Knock Life
The living and the dead change places in an orgy of terror!
Peekay hai hum Peekay
Get Ready to Set Sail!
What if you woke up and it finally happened?
Attenshun! Here comes Warner Bros. military musical!
When good food... goes bad!
Only her kind of woman could give him his kind of love
Love happens. When you least expect it....
THE WEST'S MOST SAVAGE STORY OF HATE, PRIDE AND CUNNING!
Terror Outpost Of The Canadian Wilderness... where the Northwest Mounted's scarlet troopers faced the kill-mad hordes of Sitting Bull!
RANDOLPH SCOTT as Fighting Editor Britt of the "Fort Worth Star" - His Fearless Headlines Wrote Fort Worth's History---His Six-Guns Made It!
The "Four Daughters" are now "Four Wives" It's a four belle picture! For these four wedding belles!
Let's get things straight about you and me and him....
The story of a lusty, fighting young adventurer who exchanged his sword for a cross
The civil war made them outlaws. The people made them heroes
It was the greatest rock event ever . . . until the place EXPLODED!
A crazy quest for sanity
WHEN IRENE SWINGS AND FLINGS AND SINGS, YOU LISTEN WITH YOUR HEART!
Visuals can be deceiving
Saving the world... One blast at a time!
Got a super-hot delivery? Big, bad and beautiful - man's got it all!
How could they stop the devouring death...that lived by sucking on living human bones!
Senior year just got hotter!
Crime pays... or it costs you everything.
Wham! Bam! Here Comes Pam!
A love story for the ages...an inspiring tale for everyone.
A woman reporter tries to prove she's just as good as any man, but runs into trouble along the way.
Set Up and Betrayed ...
Star. Spanglish. Banter.
It's about to get hot in here.
Arouse the Dead
I am consciousness. I am alive. I am Chappie.
An Electro Sudsy Good Time!
When your memory lies, how do you find the truth?
A Journey With SebastiÌ£o Salgado
It's not a rematch, it's war!
The man. The myth. The wardrobe.
She Sings! She Dances! She Romances! She's Engaged in Maneuvers with Three Different Armies! And She's Got Everything!
Rough, Relentless, everyone a killer
This is the world's sexiest robbery!
Sometimes you have to leave home to find your family.
Elvis jumps with the campus crowd to make the beach 'ball' bounce!!!
Romance in Paree!
She Brought a New Kind of Love to the South!
The crazy day the animals came out to play!
It Ends Here
We are no longer in control.
Thrill-Blasting Drama of Men and Women at the Turn of a New Era with a cast as big as the Majestic land they Glorify !
Viola Liuzzo left Michigan to march for freedom... and met her destiny on a dark Alabama highway.
"Operation Joyland!"
The secret life of girls... it's not pretty.
Headfirst
Let's not make a fuss about this now
Korso
Everyone gets what they deserve
They dared the most fantastic journey that has ever challenged imagination!
Come in at the Middle, Beginning, or Even Tell the Ending... Anytime is BARDOT TIME!
Reset the future
Everyone has a breaking point
Stand Up
Werewolves and Lollipops
It started in Vietnam...and exploded in the streets of America.
For once in American politics, sunshine and light beat shadows and fog.
She Never Left
Two in the shadow.
What this film exposes about undercover vice cops can't be seen on your television set.
Always look for the hidden gem.
In Space... No One Can Hear You Suck.
a summertime noir
A TALE OF REDEMPTION TOLD TO THE MUSIC OF BODY ELECTRIC, GODS AND MONSTERS & BEL AIR.
I killed her in me
What do you say when everything has been left unsaid?
This is what war feels like
High Tide: An All New Adventure
This is my life.
The Pain That Caused a Fury
The most exciting, explosive journey the screen has ever taken through a minefield of human emotions.
The truth is in you
A Film About Blur
She was cornered and she knew it...but she couldn't do anything about it...except one thing which could only lead to F-E-A-R!
The adventure of discovering the joy of being a woman.
High Explosive! HANDS OFF! She loves hard...She hates hard...She lives hard! She's the danger dame the boys couldn't tame!
He's got a date ...with DEATH!
A New Hero Unleashed.
Find out what's possible if you never give up.
The man. The myth. The beginning.
The legend starts here
In a world without end, their will is eternal. But a quest for the source of immortality will awaken the Guardian.
What evil drives...
The Odds Are So Not In Their Favor
Your pain is her pleasure.
The inbred hillbillies are back!
Death goes viral.
Seeing and looking at what others cannot bear to see is what my life is all about
Witness the rise of a legend
No whip, no gun...All fun!
Terror has surfaced...
She was running from her life,now she's running for it.
Cold War On Ice
An epic tale of nerds and turds.
The best move... is following your heart.
Welcome to the school of hard knocks
Nothing Like A Little Group Therapy
Let Us Prey.
Beneath the calmest surface lies the deepest nightmare.
Once upon a time in a dark, dark forest...
Their Number Is Up
We are all watching.
Nothing stays buried forever.
The Army Will Never Be The Same
One Gun. Many Lives Lost.
The man with gunsight eyes comes to kill!
Last Chance. Long Odds.
Fighter. Lover. Brother. Father.
It doesn't think, it doesn't feel, it doesn't give up
In this day and age what's a virgin to do?
Discover the Legend
Three wishes, one nightmare.
Sometimes the end is just the beginning
Evil in ink.
Evil has a whole new rap!
In this house, within these walls, one family has a deadly secret.
His Past Was Taken. His Vengeange Is Fueled.
Some urban legends are real
True evil never dies.
Brace Yourself!
If there's one thing worse than dying and going to Hell, it's not dying - and going to Hell.
Try to remain calm
One way in, no way out
Can't live with them - can't live without them.
What do you do to spice up your marriage?
Out of Graham Greene's novel that made the world gasp--the drama of a priest who somehow stumbled onto the road to martyrdom
Male enough to attract a dozen women...not man enough to be faithful to one!
Piano Forest
Trapped On A Lost World of Prehistoric Monsters
He kills! She thrills!
He won the game. Now he must fight the battle.
Don't Look Down.
They're here again in Carry on Taxi
Che Guevara...The Doctor Turned Fighter. The Fighter Turned Revolutionary. The Revolutionary Turned Martyr To Some, Murderer To Others.
He's Italian. She's Chinese. Their gangs are sworn enemies. They are secret lovers... caught in the crossfire.
They're having such a wonderful crime!
Jack went up the beanstalk, and brought down Hell.
The True Story Of A Family Who Lived A Lie For Twenty Years!
A no-body is about to become a somebody to impress everybody!
Hell Hath No Fury Like A Woman...
A group of college buddies sow their wild oats in New Orleans.
The last gasp in chillers!
A Horse Worth Killing For. A Dream Worth Dying For.
Just a few weeks ago, nobody cared if he was alive. Now everybody wants him dead. For Harry Berg, that's progress.
Hot rocks... Hot lead! VAN CLEEF is caught in...
Here Comes . . .The BRIDE
Leave no soul unturned.
It's time to bury the hatchest
A Heartrending Story of Courage and Devotion
Who Wants To Die First?
Two legendary enemies unite to fight the charging white beast!!
The worlds deadliest predator just got angry...
Fear Reality.
She wrote the book on love!
What are you afraid of?
Created by Nature... Redesigned by Man
No one survives in the suicide forest.
It's looking for a home.
Two iconic women. One passion.
Born of a sorceress... sired by a dragon... baptized in blood!
The erotic, exotic electrifying rock fantasy... It out-Tommy's TOMMY.
Three men with supernatural powers interfere in a tribal warfare to prevent evil Amazons destroying the inhabitants of a village.
Hell hath no fury like 10,000 women!
What a horrible way to die! They're waiting to slither you!
short, politics
The PICTURE is the Dramatic Thunderbolt of the Season!
Trapped! Tricked! and Treacherous!
HEIGH-YO, SILVER! NOW WE'RE ON THE SCREEN! The three greatest characters of radio brought to vital screen life in the outstanding serial entertainment of all time.
Everybody has a price, because if you didn't you'd be... Priceless.
From Playground to hunting ground - in a bar!
There's an Animal in Every Woman
You're only young forever once.
When A Dame Has Too Many Men On A String - The Game Could End In A Clinch Or A Killing!
It was a time when life was easy...in a place they thought would never change.
Drug Ring, Kidnapping, Violence, Police, One Word Title, Female Nudity, Drug Dealer, Hockey Arena
Vividly, unforgettably, a woman's love starved soul is revealed. All those strange secrets she locks in her heart ... moments of rapture and of heartbreak ... longings that no man can fathom. Of these has the year's finest picture been woven!
You can't use kid gloves on a killer... or a blonde!
Keep your eye on the beautiful brunette!
Revenge has never been so brutal...
Freedom is within you.
A Tale of Love, Loss and Self-Preservation
The Definitive Story of Mickey Mantle
This Is A Picture About DOPE!
Daring PRIVATEER Meets Notorious LADY PIRATE!
That was her great longing...
A punk legend...
They Did The Math So You Don't Have To
A mighty drama of the sea.
So busy with her children...SHE DIDN'T HAVE TIME TO GET MARRIED!
Paramount's new sensation!
Behind the Weird
Here's "Pretty Baby!"
FBI teams up with Scotland Yard to avenge murder of G-Man!
Possession Knows No Age
When the heat of the jungle and the hell of war cross paths
In the most far away place... She found her closest friend.
What she wanted out of life... she got out of men!
Its Frankness Will Thrill You---Its Truth Hold You Breathless---
Recently arrived in heaven, 5-year-old "Littlest Angel" wants to return to Earth in order to retrieve his treasure box and earn his wings.
SAVAGE INTRIGUE! DEADLY ADVENTURE!
All NEW Jungle Adventure!
When your husband walks out, there are three things you gotta do... get a job, get a lawyer, and get a man.
An Unexpected Love Story
Hidden City Of Women . . . Forbidden To Men!
He'll make you a star if it kills him.
FOR PEOPLE WHO WANT TO DIE LAUGHING!
"Give her the works til she tells where the jewels are hidden."
There is no escaping the past.
Only once in 3000 years...anything like...
No Radar. No Contact. No Control.
Years have gone by... not heard from, nor seen. Destined to KILL. Its...
You are the prey!
JOHN WAYNE - a skipper sworn never to be taken! LANA TURNER - the fuse of his floating time-bomb!
If You Think You Can Escape, You're Dreaming.
The killer is back
Half woman - half snake!
HEY THERE! Here's a whole NEW world of wonderful entertainment just for YOU...and YOU...and YOU!
They'll Do Everything Possible in Every Possible Way
Finding the man of your dream is easy. Keeping him is another thing.
A story of real people
It happened on the maid's night out!
Meet Carl. His wife. & the Love of his Life.
He was a U.S. Marshal but the name they called him was ... The Hangman.
I'M 17! I'M NO BABY, DAD!
Discover what is truly important in your life.
The hilarious story of two lovable chiselers.
Death rides the clouds
Most men would have given up...But not the crew of PT 109
It was the end of the world... And the beginning of hope.
...Fear is the Message!
The fabulous adventures of the man who conquered the earth to save it!
Just Wing It
No Ordinary Trifle
Elvis goes West...and the West goes wild!
You call me Trinity - they call me Renegade.
He said it takes a cyborg to kill a cyborg. She's going to prove him dead wrong.
ROMANTIC WESTERN ADVENTURE!
1985 - Wish You Were Here!
Be prepared to be ripped apart!
While the arrival of wealthy gentleman sends her marriage-minded mother into a frenzy, willful and opinionated Elizabeth Bennet matches wits with haughty Mr. Darcy.
Where Hell freezes over..
Presley packs the the screen's biggest wallop...with the gals...with the gloves...with the guitar!
The final frontier is only the beginning
Some people live life blow by blow.
The search for the Holy Grail.
Against all odds they went to hell and back.
They Took His Past. She Gave Him His Future
... a thunderbolt of thrills and intrigue!
A one night experiment in infidelity
The Cold War Begins Again.
A comedy about first times, second chances & everything in between.
A ravishing moving story about an impossible love...
From the one ... Came the many.
Seduction is murder...
He's raising the stakes to new heights.
Cracking Like a Whip From Here to Excitement!
He never dreamed what it would all lead to...and she didn't care !
Meet Your Maker
Growing up in the Mission district of San Francisco, Che Rivera has always had to be tough to survive.
Was it an act of violence or an act of love?
Few have ever entered the deadly, mysterious Kalahari, and lived to reveal its secrets!
Death rides south of the border!
How much does it take for a Woman to Sellout her Man?
Son of Africa, Father of a Nation
For two pilots, one woman became a conflict of interest.
The girl is a captive hostage at the mercy of the West's most notorious bandit-killer.
The towering terror from hell!
Look who's minding the store...
A letter from the past would change their future forever.
Conquerors from a Dying World Invade Earth!
Everyone is dying to meet Girly
The First Rock-and-Roll Dracula Movie!
WHERE BLACK MAGIC EXPLODES INTO MURDER!
In a city that never sleeps... this building is a nightmare.
Time for a stiff drink
The day the world catches fire
Elvis is back !
As the sands of time run, thy will shall be done.
Rusty Returns...
A new breed of action hero
A love story in disorder.
Treat them nice or they will become amazon women.
They lie, they cheat, they destroy‰Û_ they even try to love
Time is running out
The Ultimate Endgame
Three pals move into a haunted house in the Hollywood Hills.
REBEL BRIDE of a man she never kissed! Pledged to share his home...but not privileged to claim his love! Until one day...one fateful day...along came a Tall, Dark Stranger!
Only one man has the power to stop a war.
Mr. Jack and Sweet Stephen cruise aimlessly through the streets of LA speculating about life, death...
No More Vegtables, No More HomeWork, No More Cleaning up your room...
The Most Valuable Primate Has Just Gone Vertical!
He's A Natural Baseball Player With Major League Talent!
An amazing new breed of secret agent.
They Shoot. They Score. They TALK!
The Search is On!
One Magical Wish Can Change Everything !
You don't need superpowers to be a super hero.
Ignore her, and she'll never go away.
Revenge Has No Limits
He'll take your soul... if you let him
He wore America's heart over his!
The epic of a town that became an army
He topped the charts. Can he top high school?
An Inspirational Tail.
Fear what you see
In the early eighteenth century, Northern Italy was terrorized by bandits. Boldest among the robber-chieftains was Fra Diavolo (The Devil's Brother), who masqueraded as the elegant Marquis de San Marco in order to mingle with the rich. Great lords lost their gold to him-great ladies their hearts.
We'll get there and we'll get 'em out!
THE MOST MAN-WOMAN EXCITEMENT EVENT TO EXPLODE OFF THE SCREEN IN Natural Vision 3DIMENSION!
For 90 minutes, York Daley's life will be a living hell... And you get to watch!
A Compelling New Version of the Great Victorian Classic
Warm, Tender Romance! Deep, Lasting Faith!
Friday night he's too tired; Saturday night too drunk; Sunday, too far away.
Strange DREAMS - He had ideas he never told her about...He didn't dare!
Jim Killian killed like an artist. This is the story of his masterpiece.
No lifeline. No contact. No rescue.
Get Lost.
THE PERFECT CAST - THE PERFECT PICTURE
All New Movie
He promised to love, honor and protect. She promised to love, cheat and steal.
Please sir, may I have some more?
Would you buy a used secret from these men?
LOVE and MURDER are the two consuming passions of the Rue Morgue!
A deadly hit to erase the past
You will see a picture of very, very special greatness.
Who ever thought that making love could be such a glamorous, romantic, spectacular adventure?
To save England, he must sacrifice everything he loves.
Just another night of... Terror.
A woman dying of a terminal illness discovers that the only way to save herself may be death itself.
From the creator of Goosebumps!
When 10,000 Biceps go around 5,000 Bikinis... you KNOW what's gonna happen!
READY! SET! LAUGH! Join the fun in a nut-house of terror!
Hubby - a man who was never going to fall for a pair of soft-boiled eyes!
The future has a past.
The terror has returned
The brave are never different - only different looking!
Never has one man had to do so much with so little.
If you act like an animal, you just may become one!
ADVENTURE has a new name . . .
When it comes to love, sometimes all you need is a little duck.
The Truth Will Finally Be Told.
The highway to hell
It Lives Again To Kill Again!
It's his last chance. And he's going to fight for it.
Once upon a time, If the rustlers didn't get you, the hustlers did.
On Board Flight 502 Is A Bomb. It Could Be Anywhere. And A Skyjacker. It Could Be Anyone.
‰ÛÏLEGACY‰Û
The nationwide bestseller about cops - by a cop!
Some Secrets Should Never Be Unearthed
I want to believe I can trust her...So I want to pay you to seduce my wife
Lost River Lake was a thriving resort, Until they discovered...
In the caves of Mexico... The dead bury the living.
Get ready to blast off on a new adventure.
This year's romantic comedy !
Jeanette MacDonald Is The Luminous Singing Spy!
Revenge................................................Italian Style!!!!!!!
What a Lovely Day.
This is how you die
Every generation has a story.
First to finish. Last to die.
Two worlds. One home.
A New Age Has Come.
Heroes don't get any bigger.
Change is coming.
Witness the beginning of a happy ending
Obviously.
Divided We Fall
Open your mind. Change your reality.
Only the strong will survive
It's never too late.
The Bold Story Of A Man Caught Between Two Strange Loves!
A story of wealth, fame, power... and this guy.
If He is in your dream, nothing can stand against them.
At the edge of space, patriotism and terrorism are about to cross the line.
Before the wildest poker game in history, the was the wildest adventure in the West.
BEAUTIFUL and NOTORIOUS!...and born to make trouble -- for men!
You'll cry...You'll laugh...You'll love it!
Which girl was she?
The roar of their pipes is their battle cry... the open road their killing ground!
Never before were they together again for the second time!
Whatever it is, there's nothing you can't tell the woman you love.
The most amazing monster the world has ever known.
Master criminal or missing citizen?
SOUTH SEAS TECHNICOLOR MUSICAL!
Any age is the golden age for...
It sends chills down your spine!
He knows how to "treat 'em rough" in the Ring or in romance
The man with gunsight eyes is back!
The Barrier Between Life and Death is no Greater than the Thickness of a Door...and now that Door is Open!
MORE THAN GREAT COMEDY HERE'S GREAT ENTERTAINMENT
In the end... she got what she wanted.
The Gun... The Girl... They Made One Man The Equal Of Five!
High school can be a Dangerous Place ... and a deadly experience.
HE'S GOT THE TOWN BY THE THROAT!
Sometimes the worst of enemies can become the best of friends.
Better Than Warm Apple Pie
One new drug. Seven volunteers. Seventeen hours of hell.
For an ex-CIA agent, the job of bodyguard for a twelve-year old girl should have been a breeze...
Older than bones. Darker than blood. Stronger than science.
An Outrageous Comedy About Making It Big In Big Business
Heaven Help Us
Mother - She'll Keep you Safe
The hardest part about moving on is saying goodbye
A rich and deeply moving story of a man whose achievement opened up a new world, and of the two women whose love and sacrifices made it possible!
Stevenson, a British soldier fluent in Rumanian and German, goes undercover to sabotage a German poison-gas factory...
The woman of flame -- the man of steel -- together !
Coffins Looted! Cadavers Dissected!
He Breaks Loose in the Jungle!
Peck...Bennett...Hemingway...only all three together could create this electric love story...with a vengeance!
Filmed in Africa...Where It Was Lived!
It Startled Millions! NOW...It Becomes the Great Screen Drama of Our Time!
Everybody loved the Great Man except those who hated his guts!
you can't choose your family, but she can
Four men stalking the Apache nation...on a mission that could drench the whole Southwest in blood and flames!
Transcontinental Romance - Unlimited!!!
The Pentagon denied it was a UFO. But one man knew better, because he was there.
While the world headed West for gold, one family came for adventure.
Some secrets we keep. Some are kept from us
A town can be killed by a bullet...just like a man!
A living hell that time forgot!
Two heads crafted on the body of a giant... The most fearsome living force ever created by man.
What happened when Scrooge saw Marley's face on the door knocker...and the clock struck twelve!
When it comes to getting elected, there's no such thing as going too far.
Hell has no fury like a twister.
FAST, FRANK, FUNNY!
The Lucky Ones Die Quickly
A Tribute and a Triumph that the world demanded to see . . . ! !
Out Of Texas' Bravest Hour... Came The Man They Called The Coward
Meet the Ultimate Warrior in Cyber-Technology
Seduction. Submission. Murder. Tonight . . . evil goes over the edge.
He Kills By Invitation
Real War, Real Heroes
He's the BIGGEST CHISELER since MICHAELANGELO! Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves Were PIKERS compared to this RED-HAIRED SON-OF-A-GUN!
Hunted... From London... Amsterdam... The Casbah... To The Beaches Of The Middle East... A Strange Pursuit... And An Even Stranger Liaison!
Part Man. Part Machine. Pure Killer.
The murder that changed the lives of millions!
...except into a woman's arms!
Adventure runs wild, again.
The First Gangster and The Last Gangster.
Beware. The spare parts may be your own.
Tickets to Paradise... or ParaSITES?
Two Academy Award Winning Stars... In the one motion picture that hurtles them from innocence - to fear - to rage!
Eighteen years on an Iowa farm never prepared him for a summer in L.A.
The story of a gentile who wants to marry a Jewish girl... so he'll never have to make another decision.
He Strayed... and He Paid.  She saw to that!
Behind this burning cross...Behind the loopholes in the law...Behind their cowardly hoods...They hide a thousand vicious crimes!
The journey. The music. The legacy.
For centuries, a secret organization has protected the world's treasures... Meet the next generation.
Six Great Stars! A Thousand Unforgettable Moments!
NOW! The man of 1,000 faces in a picture with 1,000 THRILLS!
A Giant Among Comedies
Die Hard Or...Rot
A Whole New World Awaits.
Every Game Has Rules.
He's Out of Jail, and Ready for Revenge
Once you check in, there's no escape...
Love Broke Her Heart !
THE STARS YOU LOVE TO SEE MAKING LOVE!
Valentine's Day 2012
Ten fingers, ten toes... and gay. Do you still want him?
These five men have developed, trained and programmed this stunning blonde to accomplish feats no human being has ever done before. They all stand to make a fortune, if they can just keep her together.
She'd only just begun... and suddenly it was over.
Small Town
A MYSTERY MANSION...Where death lurks in every dark corner and a mad genius runs loose!
The Romantic Dither of the Decade!
The Passionate Plumber was the un-handiest handy-man in town!
The Laughs of a Nation
You Won't Be The Same When You Come Out Of Shock Treatment
LOOK OUT FOR THIS MAN! HE LIVES! AND LOVES! AND MURDERS!
Did their relationship have to lead to murder?
IT'S M-G-M's LOVE-HAPPY, YOUTHFUL MUSICAL!
Songs! Dances! Joy! as a boy promises to get his girl's picture on a LOOK magazine cover!
$10,000 if you make my suicide look like Murder!
It's Liz in a Whiz of a Racy Romance!
Southern Fried Horror
It takes 4 to tango.
Every revolution needs a voice
Oh, you boys can sleep as late as you like in the morning... so long as you get up for breakfast. Five o'clock.
Is it alien, or was it once human?
Even a small town must face the truth.
THE GAMBLER...THE GUNSLINGER...THE RIVER LADY KNOWN AS 'ZOE'...They Risked Their Luck On A Turn Of A Card...Their Lives On The Draw Of A Gun!
For a bullet spent and a dollar earned he was the best in the business!
Death lurks at every step...as your oriental super-sleuth stalks a desperate killer -- below the surface of the earth!
HIS FIRST STARRING ROLE ON THE SCREEN! Richard Chamberlain as a fearless trial lawyer in a drama of love, courage, and murder!
Between majestic mountain and frozen waste lay the Cariboo Trail... gateway to gold, greed and glory!
A demon-spirit of madness and murder holds a California town in the grip of terror.
A funny thing happened to Kid Blue on the way to the robbery.
Sure She's Easy To Meet .....but try and forget her!
SEE THE MAD, DANGEROUS, LAWLESS LIFE OF THE PARIS APACHES THRILLINGLY PICTURED
Shocking! Revealing! Timely!
... to have ... hold or HATE!
"My mother was a stripper... I want to be a stripper too!"
The frightening nightmare of a man who finds himself with hands which he can't control!
The glitz and glamor of being a big time Hollywood Go-Go dancer looked good from a distance, but up-close it was another story...this story
They Went in People and Came Out Hamburger!
Demented mutants return with one objective in mind: Kill, kill, kill.
He watched them massacre his father... Shame his mother... Take his sister. They made him...
Evil Kids Have The Sweetest Faces
In a world filled with hatred, their only hope was magic. Believe and anything can happen.
A lusty, rowdy spoof of all your favorite fairy tales!
Frankly, it's her most provocative!
Forgiveness is a bitter pill to swallow.
She'll Take Care Of The Band
When it comes to crime, these cops break more than the rules.
Seduction
The Hilarious Story of What the Girls Saw in the Butler...
It's all fun and games until someone loses a head.
He knocks cupid for a row of hearts!
One kid's fight for the respect of the neighborhood.
Hal Roach's Musical Comedy!
Six-Feet-Four of fighting Man ... to Tame a Wildcat Beauty !
Mobsters, hot girls, grifters and action... All in one movie.
How Could It Happen To Rachel Cade?
A LOVE - BORN OF VIOLENCE and a HATE that brought him face to face with his worst enemy - the father of his sweetheart!
Confronted by an evil force...this time the fight is personal...to save the woman he loves.
Above and below the water there is no escape
Curiosity. Infatuation. Awakening. Love. These are but the stepping stones to rapture.
All the fire . . . power . . . drama . . . of A.B. Guthrie's monumental best-seller!
A virtuous small town girl supports her mother on her salary as a soda jerk.
Hundreds of lovely hula girls . . . scores of lilting songs . . . spectacle to make you marvel !
How Wild can the West be?
THE SCANDAL SQUAD USES BLONDE BAIT TO TRAP A 3-TIME KILLER!
A girl with a heart of ice!
Emotion swept them like a tidal wave!
The hilariously mad story of all the best things in life that are not free... and the one thing that definitely is!
HEARTS ARE DANCING WITH JOY!
This Mind Game Is A Real Killer.
A evening of elegance sophistication and class
Poison never came in a prettier package!
It Takes a Family to Save a Village.
Katt Williams Kattpacalypse
The beast is back.
Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy in the most famous film of their careers!
The Life...The Loves...The Crimes of Jack the Ripper!
She's Taking A STAB At Motherhood!
Dino's the singing dean of a girl's school, Jerry - a wolf in kid's clothing - in a class by himself with 503 coeds.
The toughest thing about South Boston is coming back.
They're Lost and Loose in Outer Space.
They couldn't have the love they wanted, so they took the love they could get!
The King plays the hottest game in the West . . . with four Queens!
So tense! So taut! It closes in on you like a high wall!
They Called Him the Bull of the Pacific...His Name Was Halsey..But the Enemy Spelled it Hell!
Humanity or Total Destruction...
Where "I'm All Right Jack" left off‰Û_this takes off!
SURPRISE COMEDY HIT OF THE YEAR ! Don't Miss It !
FUNNIEST FILM EVER MADE !
IT'S RED-ROARIOUS ! SKY-HIGH SKELTON FUN !
Scandalous secrets only murder can silence!
"OH, MY ACHING FEET!" OH, YOUR ACHING SIDES!
The most terrifying scenes ever taken under fire!
A coffin without a corpse, crammed with millions in cash!
JOHNNY'S NO GOOD...but that's how women want him!
Open or shut.... it can cost your life.
You'll HIT With Him! You'll RUN With Him! You'll SLIDE With Him!
Charlie Chan at his best in his most thrilling adventure!
It will scare the pants off you!
You can't lock him out. He's already in.
Do not dare sing that song
His true story, warts and all.
Fits either sex ...... and makes nothing but LAUGHTER!
He was lured kiss-by-kiss into an incredible plot to destroy the world!
The amazing adventures of a lone American in a land of violence!
The psychotic killer, the young heiress...the kidnapping that becomes a love story.
CAUGHT! . . right in the middle between the killers and the cops!
Time to Raise the Roof!
Together they surprised America and made history.
The organization says: Everybody drives for them. Carrol Jo says: I drive for myself.
Cold can freeze your heart, love can set you free
Welcome Back To That Night
Hitman. Stuntman. Dead man.
Prepare for the Apocalypse...
The Gigantic Hoax of World War II
Exinction Is The Least of Their Problems
WANTED As A Spy Suspect!
Rips the roof off
THE DEADLIEST PACT EVER MADE!
THE 10-HOUR MANHUNT...that tore New York apart!
Edgar Allan Poe's riveting tale of horror grips the screen again!
Wow!  Look how "She's Working Her Way Through College"
A.S.M. Hutchinson's beloved classic of English countryside life becomes a screen masterpiece !
Being Different Is A Real Adventure
Ten men ... a woman ... and only a ghost of a chance !
There's only one way to get warm!
6 women at the mercy of the West's most dangerous outlaws!
The motion picture that shows how far some people will go to discover How Sweet It Is!
Some heroes are born. Some are made. Some are mistakes.
The truth behind the glitter. Learned the hard way.
The culture is going down on itself... go ahead, Scream!
You Think You Know, But You Don't Know
A man like Shane... the suspense of High Noon...
The jungle creed says the strong must feed on any prey at hand ... I was branded a beast as I sat at the feast before I was a man.
THERE'S TROUBLE AHEAD!
Look through the mask...if you can't take it...take it off!
Explore the Impossible.
They want what they have.
Mary Pickford In her Second Picture from her own Studios.
The BIGGEST musical!
It's time for heroes again.
Adventure's Mightiest Hero Lives His Mightiest Adventure!
Cold-blooded killers.
The screen's first great rock 'n' roll feature!
Gifford. Cosell. Meredith. There was more action in the booth than on the field.
He will destroy the world. No man can stop him. No man will even try. He is The Chosen.
The Last Thing You'll Hear
Of all the dramatic triumphs from Warners this one is the greatest!
He who controls the cops controls the city
Her first suspect is her only hope for survival.
A great star comes into her own!
THE BUGLE BLAST that echoed thru history!
Live hard. Ride fast. Regret nothing.
The Ship's Cook who has the Coast Guard in a Stew!
When Paula Martin wakes up, the nightmare doesn't end...
Behind the story of Benedict Arnold were secrets until recently unknown
WATCH PUBLIC GOLD DIGGER NO. 1 ROUGH UP THE SCREEN'S SMOOTHEST LOVER!
Produced at a cost of millions...to bring you A MILLION THRILLS!
UNFURLS THE BANNER TO HIGH ADVENTURE!
FIGHTING TO THE FINISH Mile High in the Sky!
Right here in America... and don't you forget it!
Running for his life
"I just killed a rat!"
Johnny was a medical student who did it all with his chemistry set. And the things he did weren't very nice... weren't very nice... weren't very nice... weren't very nice.
Strange Invisible Astro-Energy Unleashed Leaves Mankind A Human Shell As It Destroys His Body And Brain!
She's every inch a teasing, taunting "Come-on" Blonde.
I want only young people in the bus. If I get killed, not only my mother should cry. Theirs should cry too...
M-G-M's thrilling adventure of young love in the hills!
KILLER IN JAILBREAK on vengeance trail!
Treachery wears a stolen face!
Excitement - Movie of the Year! Suspense! Action! Adventure! You have never seen a motion picture like it!
The most fascinating people the gods of chance ever swept up into high adventure!
Fearing is Believing
The Story of a free woman and her romances!
Hey, Folks!... I'm back!
If Women are from Venus, Men are from VEGAS!
The Most Suspense-Charged 97 Minutes in Motion Pictures!
Many Arrive. Few Survive.
It started with a kiss... and ended like this in romantic Spain!
In a storm of desire, deception and murder... four people are about to be swept away.
Fast Friends, Arch Rivals!
Christened in blood. Raised in sin. She's sweet sixteen, let the party begin!
BEWARE HIS HYPNOTIC POWER that turns human flesh into helpless robots!
There's Never Anything Wrong With A Woman That A Man's Lips Won't Cure!
He'll take the whole world...and you to his heart!
A brave new world without love
The first moon "western"...
She thought she had the perfect life
The only way out is all in
The true tale of one of the greatest discoveries in history.
They Were Chosen To Live. But They Were Destined To Die!
Blood is thicker than water.
SNOOGANS! RISE!
THUNDER IN HIS HEART...LIGHTNING IN HIS HOLSTERS...
The Hottest Exposure Since Man Created Film!
Cross Her Heart and Hope to Die
They had the perfect plan. Just one thing was missing - Trust.
No one holds a candle to Joan -- when Joan is carrying the torch!
The man who had five years to think about killing... his best friend! Finally they meet...
The water warm... the champagne chilled... the music soft... then the daydream ends... and the nightmare begins!
Somebody made him! Somebody programed him to kill! Now it's up to somebody to pull the plug!
Shiver and shake while you giggle and quake!
Ten thousand girls dream her dream every night.
With rifle or pistol - he was the fastest deadliest shot of the western plains!
YIPEE! Here Come The Ridin', Fightin' King of the Range!
EVERY INCH A LADY...till you look at the record!
Its all about the con
Her songs. Her sins.
TOO MANY SINS TO FORGET!
UNDERWATER Fury! UNDERWATER Paradise!
SOUTHWEST'S DEADLIEST KILLERS...Riding...Raiding...Plundering...AGAIN!
It Really Happened!
Surely not Shirley, but better!!
IT ALL TAKES PLACE IN THAT FASCINATING WONDERLAND OF THE FAR EAST...BROOKLYN!
Mickey woos! Judy sings! Best Hardy hit yet!
Sparkling With Stars, Gaiety, Music!
You Got To Know When To Hold 'Em, Know When To Fold Em...
Yesterday A Lady With A Past. Today The Wife Of The Man She Loved!
Two brothers. One dream. The odds were incredible. And the story is true.
JIM BOWIE...a man with his name on a knife - and a woman with a weapon all her own!
A BRAND NEW LINE OF LAFFS!
"I am TONDELAYO"
a KILLER thriller.
Actually filmed in the Emerald Isle!
If your sweetheart isn't jealous it's not l-o-v-e!
She always meant to hold them off. She never could until she met the boy who understood...
The Winner Takes All... And More.
Be there when it happens!
He held a town at bay... to save it!
If Blondes have more fun...then Sweden's got to be the funniest place on earth!
Don't let his looks fool you. He's the coldest killer of killers who ever lived!
Fame led her away. Faith will lead her home.
How far would you go... as far as you dare.
Alan Ladd's greatest ! Bigger than ever ! Better than ever ! Bolder than ever !
Brian de Palma's comedy that catches every body in the act!
Rosalind has her eye on three men... three men have their eye on Rosalind... one of them is up to no good!
The Gayest LOVE STORY EVER FILMED!
Chan follows the trail of a blood-chilling wave of torso slayings!
The Story Behind The Terrifying 60-Day Hunt For Desperado 'Mad-Dog' Earle!
Clint's back!...and 'Kookie' is with him!
Killer VS Killer
HIS LIFE WAS A LIVING HELL until he killed the thing that Crushed him!
Virtual Reality Can Be Murder
The world's always looking for a savior. LET THERE BE PHILLIP.
Explore the naked passions in this hot-house of Hell!
One Day After A Million Years It Came Out Of Hiding To... Kill! Kill! Kill!
Her beauty served a mob of terror whose one mission is to destroy!
I will do anything you say. Just open your eyes.
The story of what happened at 8:30 p.m. to the Joe Smiths and families like them all over the world!
Christmas miracles do happen
Justice was delieverd by the fastest gun.
TOGETHER and TERRIFIC! ...in a story of unforgettable warmth and impact!
A trail of perfume...and violence!
The True Story of an American Icon
A STRANGER IN TOWN...WHERE STRANGERS WEREN'T WELCOME!...and he found out a gal double-crossed is Deadly as Poison!
In COLOR Gaiety!
'She Had Everything a Man Could Ever Want And Lived the Way No Woman Ever Should!'
Peter Sellers in a new and exciting role!
How the legend of lionheart began
The roughest, toughest men from London's greatest crime squad smash their way onto the big screen!
Down . . . Down . . . Down . . . into enemy waters with the fightin' hellcats of the U.S. sub pack !
A neglected wife is shipwrecked on a desert island with her husband and her would-be lover.
Where civilization ends and survival begins.
Sometimes love is right outside your fishbowl
Her courage inspired a nation.
Body to body is the name of the game
A Startling & Shocking Adventure - As Three College Students Take a Strange Detour to the Land of the LIVING DEAD!
Life is fleeting as a butterfly.
They are big! They are bad! But are they tough enough to beat the Country Western Warrior?
Bobby has a new machine... and everyone wants a ride!
Just when she thought she had everything right...in stepped Mr. Wrong.
The psychiatrist who's crazy about a patient
It Rides With The Great Westerns
This is no fairy tale
At Parker's Insane Asylum the Hunt Begins!
A small-town waitress vies with a sassy city slicker for the attention of the town's most eligible bachelor.
Violent love ... violent hate ... violent conflicts.
WHO CARES IF IT'S LEGAL AS LONG AS IT'S Tempting Virile Tantalizing Smooth WOW!
No where to run! No where to hide!
It's hard to rock 'n roll when you're knee deep in rubber erasers!
The Gong Show that was gonged by the censor.
The Outlaw And The Beauty!
Darryl F. Zanuck's Entertainment gem will take its place in the Hall of Fame !
They lost their way...but found a magical adventure!
Before Tyson, there was Liston.
They gave her a bad name...and she lived up to it!
Growing up is hard to do.
The greatest music festival that you have never seen.
She's back and ready to even the score.
The Day Has Come
A crash course in crime.
One man made a difference
He has the fire of his sword. And the courage of his youth.
The Big Mob vs. The Big Mouth
Looking for something. Wanting everything.
O'HARA MIGHT BEAT MURDER - IF HIS LAWYER CAN BEAT THE BOTTLE!
A jolly good show indeed.
Love in an Inferno
Don't Kill This Killer! Bring Him Back Alive!
As dirty as Dirty Harry, as dangerous as Deliverance
Libby Tucker hitchhiked from Brooklyn to take Hollywood by storm. And her father by surprise.
By Gemini, here's the wildest crew on Earth, Saturn, Mars, Moon etc.
Crime at the Speed of Light
And then there were none...
FORTY-EIGHT EXPLOSIVE HOURS!
That ole man river...
Holmes and Watson's most chilling case... an age-old curse... a ravenous monster...
It's The HEIGHT of FRIGHT!
Evil is reborn by the light of the moon.
Revenge Has No Limits
Her vision... will be your last
For every girl who was ever involved with an older man!
Give him 12 weeks. He'll give you a Few Good Men.
A light-hearted leer at love among the adults!
This is the face of war you've never seen before!
Jesus loves some... others feel his fist!
15 Floors. 1 Way In. 1 Way Out.
There has never been a palindrome girl at the school before.
A handful of condemned men on an impossible mission, against hopeless odds...
The monster and the ghoul! One deals in wholesale murder...the other serves as a torture-master of the living dead! See it and shudder!
One day, your luck runs out...
Who Says Piracy is Obsolete Entertainment?
Before the covered wagons...Before the charging cavalry...Rode the NORTHWEST MOUNTIE
Even before he crossed baseball's color barrier, his field of dreams was a nightmare.
The biggest picture in ten years! The greatest cavalcade of intrigue, spectacle, adventure and excitement you'll ever see on the screen
WARNING: THIS FILM CONTAINS SENIOR CITIZEN NUDITY AND DEAD PIGS
An explosion of sexual frenzy!
Here At Last for the Countless Millions Who Have Thrilled to It
You'll scream yourself into a state of shock!
An imaginative children's film about a young Australian boy's passion for flight and his challenge to compete in the World Paper Plane Championships in Japan.
They turned a man into a wild beast thirsting for revenge!
Deny nothing.
This is Your Kind of Movie About Your Kind of Guy!
They dared to dream the impossible!
not applicable
A World Frozen Over ... A Family Torn Apart.
True! Timely! Terrific! See the effect RED teachings have on the youth of today!
Perry Mason returns
Horrifying experiences in the last days of the S.S.
When the lights go out, the knife goes in.
When A Geek Gets The Ultimate Power... ANYTHING can happen!
Sometimes love needs a re-write.
Sophistication Has a Name.
Are you curious?
Eastwood High Is About To Get Schooled
See and hear the actual family.
Your Favorite Witches Are Back!
God does not play dice with the Universe.
It's Grinch Night!
A haunting tale from the Hundred Acre Wood!
Discover your inner sparkle!
One hunts. One seduces. One kills.
Even Ladd is scared!
The passionate story of a sensuous woman.
Brigitte Bardot is a Comedienne Now!
...No one will believe me when I post this
BEYOND BORDERS, BETWEEN NATIONS LIES A BATTLE TO END ALL WARS.
A love story in 8 destinations
Scheherazade's story will be told once again.
Today Kids Rule
Girls will be girls.
Who says crime doesn't pay?
Weed with roots in hell!
One day you'll get closer to the violence of death... but THIS IS AS FAR AS WE DARE TAKE YOU... with any hope of bringing you back!
They know that you know
He risked his life to save a rat... And what did he get for it?
With needles dipped in deadly venom the victims are paralyzed - so they must lie awake and watch themselves die!
Love is better the second time around.
The Biggest Thrill They Ever Gave You! Norma and Clark together in the romance of a "ham" song-and-dance man and a "red-headed liar from Omaha."
Where there's magic in your heart, you can soar.
Out there lurked danger ... but the real terror came from within.
Civil Warrior
Unleash the beast
Some souls never stop searching.
Nothing's more deadly than a man with nothing to lose.
The Making of Bridge Over Troulbled Water
Brothers in arms for life.
Hell was an ocean away
Everyone Deserves to be Loved.
Two cities. One hopeless romantic.
You either know one, you have one, or you are one.
The world's greatest desert now a frozen apocalypse.
After the rapture, there are fates worse than death.
Heathcliff's funniest and most exciting adventure!
Enter if you dare.
13 Going On Eternity
The Signs are Everywhere
Who is the worst among them?
Light years beyond tomorrow...
She will become their most deadly weapon. As long as they can make her fall in love.
A little weird, a little kinky, and a little twisted.
Party girl meets a male ballet dancer on the Internet.
Role Playing Games - Not on YOUR life!
Det hÌ_r Ì_r filmen om mina tre stÌ¦rsta intressen: Flickor. Kvinnor. Tjejer
A film about the poor life
How many lives do you have?
Smother The Demons
Old Friends New Adventure
HIS HIDEOUS OBSESSION LED HIM TO COMMIT GHASTLY CRIMES OF PASSION AND VIOLENCE.
Faith and Superstition in Russia
In the summer of 2000, a graphic designer from San Francisco, California, who calls himself Someguy, launched 1000 blank journals into the world. One came back. Where are the other 999?
In the middle of a kiss...Murder!
He'll kill until he dies!
TRANSFORMED BY THE HANGMAN'S NOOSE... from a doctor serving humanity, into a demon filled with hate and terrorizing blood-lust!
10 years of footage, 20 countries, 30 cities
Behind a barrier of antarctic ice... a paradise of hidden terrors!
Their game made them a team. Their spirit made them Champions.
Men Hunt Him Down - Women Look Him Up! Super-Thief ... Master Lover ... He's out to ransack the world!
The greatest animal act in the world!!!
Over 20 bands and visual artists. 3 record labels. 1 philosophy.
He puts the artist in con artist.
Most important
Where fantasy and reality meet.
This dead end town just got a lot deader.
The story of hot-blooded Maria... who always gets her man, after man, after man!
Today is better the second time around
Two countries, two loves, one heart
Fraud works in mysterious ways.
Imagine the greatest conversation you've ever had.
The Stanley Milgram Story
Torn by loss. Bound for revenge.
We can't lose.
From Strangers to Sisters.
Why take the risk
When you push yourself to the edge, the real fun begins.
Some mysteries are beyond belief.
Rage. Riot. Rebirth.
A romantic comedy with commitment issues.
If You Don't See This Documentary, We'll Shoot This Dog
The Revolution of Fashion Born on the Streets.
Is american masculinity harming our boys, men and society at large?
By the disgrace of God...
Her story. Her voice.
The Rapture Of Self Loss
An Epistolary Love Affair
Days Of War, Nights Of Love
Greed is the only game in town.
When You Start A Revolution, The Hardest Beat To Find Is Your Own
There's no place like third.
Every reunion needs a hero
Some things are best kept secret.
It's hard out here for a geek.
Love desperately, live recklessly.
A Little Friendship Never Killed Anyone.
Get into the swing of things
Fighting fit
They were given 2 weeks. It lasted 6 days.
No one is ever really prepared.
After the end of the world she thought she was alone. She was wrong.
Reconnecting Kids With Nature
Can a child's telepathic mind help find a serial killer?
The truth is deadly
The motion picture that will melt your chocolate bar.
Pack your bags.
The Film They Don't Want You To See
An adult fable on power, sex and cooking
Let the spiritual battle begin....
Lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil.
Love is a foolish game
Mankind's Last Stand
The right place to do wrong.
It's time to leave.
Where the future is your past.
THE STORY NO ONE DARED TO TELL - UNTIL NOW !
Actually filmed in SAN QUENTIN
One's Out For Blood. One's Out for Money. Together, They're in for an unforgettable adventure.
The FACTS about the taboo sororities that give them what they want!
How Many Could Be Saved?
The Making Of An Episode Of Saturday Night Live
Only she knows who's the murderer
Dive deep into the underwater town
A Science Fiction Adventure of the Near Future
They took his land... his horses... his woman... but... they couldn't take Chino!
There are some doors that should never be opened...
His name is P.C. Strange...Her name is Frederika...All of tonights secrets will be used against them tomorrow
In the world of the nightmare, a little blood adds colour!
A searing drama of moral and social chaos!
A daring new film experience... Made without fear...without taboos!
I'll do almost anything for money. ...but I don't kiss.
Move over King Kong... 007... Bionic Man...
A secret cult of lust-craved witches torturing with fire and desire!
How long does love last?
Meet the man behind the masterpiece.
There's no stopping someone who will stop at nothing!
So silent. So deadly. So final.
Some fights never end
They stole his past, now he's taking back his future.
The Rise and Demise of a Modern Miracle
They're not psycho killers, they're just small business operators.
WW2, Soviet Union
Wild fury... Wide open thrills!
GRIM JUSTICE OF THE NAKED GUN
You know- like I mean- it's way out!
The comedy that goes all the way!
More fun than you can shake your stick at!
PARK IT WITH THE BEST!
Please do not disturb the guests... They already are!
You'll Never Love So Hard In Your Life... as these hard-hitting guys hit the dirt... and come up fighting!
Fistful of Lead
A Present for You, Amigo... A Coffin from Sartana
Cloud of Dust... Cry of Death... Sartana Is Coming
You can't unsee this
The Fear of the Year is Here!
There's No Place To Hide When The Dead Are Alive!
The kids learned three things about southern hospitality, blood, sweat and terror!
Rest in peace
No Protection, No Help, No Escape
Vigilante Justice...It's A Real Blast!
Buckle Up... Beethoven Is Taking A Road Trip!
...from the Honky Tonks to the penthouses...the creeps, the hoods, the killers come out to war with the city!
Some Friendships are an Acquired Taste.
A father, a son and a movement that would change America forever.
No swords, no guns, no knives, no weapons. Just a burning pool of acid!
The greatest love story since 'Love Story'...
Two men with nothing in common... except the blood in their veins.
A chronicle of the life of the Greek hero who, after killing his three sons must perform six labors to repent.
Revenge is everything.
The ultimate shocker.
They'd make a horse LAUGH!
Reality Can Be Sicker Than Nightmares
The World Needed a Hero. It Got a Legend.
Three brothers, one spiritual and living at a monastary, one a gambler, and one an intellectual, work out their problems in 19th century Russia.
A madman pushes a button and kills by phone. Would you answer?
ALEXANDER DUMAS' IMMORTAL CLASSIC
They Weren't Forgotten By History...They Were Left Out On Purpose!
Thou shalt be cool!
And the children shall lead them...
The Play
Unleash your inner hero
Welcome to his nightmare.
No one comes up here without a damn good reason.
Drug dearler, Undercover cops
Truckloads of explosive action!
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
A former hitman is blackmailed into doing one more job.
Never bet against a man with a killer hand.
The Case Lasa and Zabala was the first terrorist act carried out by the Anti-Terrorist Liberation Groups (GAL).
Get Lost. Get Found.
The Rise of Improv Everywhere
He's the best man... money can buy.
The danger... The intrigue... The suspense...
Love hurts
Mad Max meets Dawn Of The Dead
Based on a true story... that hasn't happened yet.
Han verkar vÌ_ldigt tidsbunden.
Lilla JÌ¦nssonligan pÌ´ styva linan
A Moment She Couldn't Resist. An Obsession He Can't Control.
Hero or Villain? Justice or Vengeance? You Decide.
You're gift from above.
A quest.
A Story of New Love in Old Age
One City. One Night. One Take.
A relationship evolves between a photographer named Makoto, and two of his female university classmates, Shizuru and Miyuki.
They Tried To Take Everything - Even His Manhood!
Psycho Wife. Unhappy Life.
Out of the darkness comes the ear-piercing cry of a terrified girl...
How deep do lies go?
A Hal Roach full-length feature
How far would you go to be remembered?
Hot kiss. Cold sweat. Last chance. Slamdance.
They're back in the most spectacular rescue mission ever filmed!
A song for freedom
Make movies. Meet girls.
One man's search for an ancient secret...and the dead will rise from their graves!
Sometimes we must fight in order to be free.
Dance - Sing - Dream
A Boy, a bear, an amazing adventure.
The stars that burn brightest burn quickest
A Musical Fantasy Ringing of Truth & Filled With Mystery & Love
A documentary about adoption.
A town comes alive with violence as one man seeks revenge!
Wish Robert Ryan and Jean-Louis Trintignant luck!
Sharon Tate, in her last movie, finally released to the public!!
The Women of the "Joy House" Allowed Him Every Freedom...Except the Freedom to Leave!
There are two sides to every love story.
Beware.
Expect Magic.
There is no safe harbor, there is no escape... L.A.'s worst fear has just become a reality.
He's back!
What makes a nice girl die in a place like this?
One man's trash is a mother's treasure
In the end, everyone makes out.
Everyone's a critic.
What A Predicament!
Who says love has to last? It just has to be good.
Ilsa's back! ...More fierce than ever! With brutal fury she enslaved an empire and shocked the world!
The world's wackiest scientist has done it again!
The Griswolds are back, but they're not staying.
Home Deadly Home
First love never dies
Stitch was Experiment 626...meet the other 625!
The Laws of Space and Time are About to be Violated.
Dark and occasionally cruel...
Adventure In The Far East ! Battling Buddies Gunning For Trouble !
Creatures of the Living Dead!
You Are Your Own Worst Enemy
Playtime is over.
There are two hundred miles of impassable mountains to cross. There are no towns, no roads, no bridges. There is no turning back.
A cry in the night... A gasp in the dark...
Once commited to her care, You'll be too terrified to die!.. You'll choke with fear!.. Recoil in horror from her unleashed fury!..
Satanic lust behind cloister walls...
An inferno of warped women!
Welcome to your new home. Welcome to hell.
Dinner. Dessert. Dysfunction.
I don't exist
... with a woman like her it could lead to Murder!
THIS YEAR'S ALL-NEW TARZAN THRILLER!
International intrigue... told in terms of treachery!
Who are you when no one is watching?
There's No Time To Bleed
Their DNA is the missing piece to this deadly puzzle.
It's only a sin if you get caught.
He came back from the dead to possess a man's soul, make love to his woman, and get the Vengeance he craved!
Live the scam. Work the sham.
They're going nowhere... fast.
Dead Men Don't Rape
The Celebrity Scandal of the Victorian era
Hope is found in unexpected places.
The hunt for pleasure is the most basic instinct of all.
What Is The Most Incredible Thing A Woman Ever Did For $1,000,000?
One of the first funny german look at its past.
Vengeance delivered.
Never Drop The Con.
Honour. Valour. Gloury. Dourks.
How a handful of scientists obscured the truth on issues from tobacco smoke to global warming.
A moment. A tragic accident. And nothing will ever be the same again.
He's leaving his world behind.
Every House Has It's Secrets
Keep telling yourself: "She's not just a child"...
Just another suicide until the police discovered... A bloody bathroom. A maniac with a cleaver. A schoolgirl sex ring.
She's the bitch, with the switch!
White veils for angels
A super low brow comedy
The story of a Kearny (NJ) high school student who secretly recorded his history teacher in class, and accused him of proselytizing.
Someday all movies will be this real.
The Avengers Won The Battle, But a Few Items Were Left Behind.
She Fights Fire With Fire
Exist everywhere. Extend everywhere.
A mad man... A psycho killer... And mean cannibal pigs... All together in the scariest film you'll ever see!!!
"It's a Terrible Thing That Happened"
To get to Diana . . . Bobby had to create Roberta . . . now he's her . . . LITTLE SISTER
He's not just a legend
This is one weekend they will never forget!
A journey in Central New Guinea described by David Attenborough
He hit the Man for $3 million. Right where it hurts. In the diamonds. And baby, that's cold.
Soar into a Magical World of Action, Excitement and Enchantment!
Which is the Virgin? Which is the Vampire?
A body was the membership card...
All-New Adventures of Robin Hood! The world's most fearless fighter faces his greatest challenge!
Let's cut the crap.
Sometimes the person you least expect can help you find your way home.
It's not a crime if they can't catch you.
Champions Can Come From Anywhere.
Arnold is dead. And a newlywed. Don't miss his honeymoon!
Evil will rise.
10 WENT IN...7 CAME OUT...as the Walking Hills guarded their treasure!
The gang, the rebels, the army. She sold them all down BAD MAN'S RIVER
Best business trip ever.
Punk Porn Feminism
Marseille 1975. To stop a dangerous drug lord, you need a dangerous cop.
What keeps them from crashing out?
The Hunting Season Has Opened In The Naked City
A story about things that is really important in our life.
Sex #Jealousy #Wine #Regret - After all, what are friends for?
The FBI thought they had him. It was the other way around.
It takes a dream to build a team.
There are two sides to every hero
Sending out an SOS to the world
Based on the True Story that started a Global Movement.
It's kill or be killed in the mafia, They said it with bullets... He said it with flowers.
The circle of fear is growing.
Tales from Rome's Ring Road
No sin goes unpunished
A tender love story for everyone who was ever ten years old.
The wicked shall die.
No girl has ever been called more names! That's Evelyn...the guest...who manages to throw her pretty shadow around where any man near must see it - and when it comes to a man she grants no rights to anyone but herself!
She was back with him... as a stranger
Queen of a Jungle Dynasty but Slave of Love!
Is Doraemon ending this summer?
Experimentation...Revenge...All Part of Life's Twisted Games...
My brother keeps a human head in his closet...
The hunt is on
Dracula in Pakistan!
Believing is seeing.
The kids aren't alright
Mysterious. Irresistible. Deadly.
Midnight is just the beginning.
Could you forgive?
It was the perfect crime until they got away with it.
Don't throw them away. Bring them here.
Saving the neighborhood one sole at a time.
A state somewhere between fantasy and reality.
He's a Bloody Killer!
How the west was lost!
High adventures on the high seas with the great tuna fleet...
Could you survive a breakdown?
COUNTERFEIT CARGO! ...a fortune in loot...a fabulous woman...a sinister fugitive!
Get Happy! Get with it! Beach-Parties! Luau-Feasts! Surf-Boarding! Hula-Dancing! Have yourself a Hawaiian holiday when..."Gidget Goes Hawaiian"
A girl on her way to being convicted. A smitten juror who's really conflicted. A lawless affair that's totally restricted.
A comedy about getting off ... with probation.
From the producers of L.I.E. and Transamerica.
Todd Boomer is embracing his homework like never before!
It takes someone very special to help you forget someone very special
"I'm the guy who paid to kill... himself!"
Heiress. Victim. Terrorist.
See terror catch fire!
War is hell. This was worse...
Some women will stop at nothing!
Trust Will Get You Killed
Love Accidentally
You know her face. You know her work. You don't know her name.
Their wheel of fortune was spun by the cold steel of an automatic!
Some Legends Never Die.
What if you invited a serial killer on holiday?
One false move meant death when ... They Rode West.
The kind that don't die in bed!
The Story Of The 99%
In war as in life, the difference between truth and deception is what a man allows himself to believe.
This summer the National Park will be besieged by a killer grizzly bear!
One man will need the end of the world... to find all that he has lost.
Live Fast Or Die Trying
You can't put life on hold
When they needed hope, he gave them great expectations.
They were created to save mankind. Something went wrong.
Everyone is expendable.
David and Greg will circle the planet to hear the last whispers of a dying language.
When I go berserk...you're better off dead!
What if it was your sister?
Murder money stained his hands....
An incredible biographical story of murder, betrayal and love.
Get out of their way!... if you can
Pray he's not too late.
Cruel. Controlling. Comatose.
They're Here. And They Know What Scares You.
Every legend has a beginning.
Life Never Gets Old.
What horrible fascination did this monster have for women?
His greatest act of patriotism was an act of treason.
Evil Always Begins Somewhere.
Magic is awakening
A movie about people who do stuff that is not normal
Once I trusted a dame... now I Walk Alone
That's just to remind you... You're in a tough racket now!
The Hit Man never stops till he scores.
Love makes the world go round... and around... and around
One Choice Can Destroy You
A marriage is arranged between a slim guy and an over-weight girl.
Every family has a secret.
La verite!
Diary of a French Doctor
Put the screw to villainy.
Worlds Collide
Blood Red Waters on a Moonlit Night
He's not like us.
Armed With the Truth.
Two Films. One Love.
Two Films. One Love.
One man, one life. A thousand memories
Welcome to the family
Inga at sixteen. Her coming of age.
A story of two people... two worlds... one love
300 years of hate explode today!
History is made by those who give a damn!
How does it feel to win a race when you know you lost a love?
A hero split in half.
Vengeance Hits Home
Online, your memories last forever. But so do your mistakes.
Survive.
You Damn Well Won't Forget Him!
The New Sleep-IN Thing!
She'd do anything to help them with the heist... and then everything to keep the haul for her own little beautiful self!
A Real Woman Tells The Truth
Filmed without the benefit of cages or mechanical sharks to offer protection!
A new generation of action-adventure excitement!
Dear Julie: Don't let me do it again‰Û_
On this Feast of Saint Patrick, the lucky ones are already dead...
This house needs a family.
She served her country... the only way she knew how!
They give new meaning to the term "full-service station"!
If Bonnie is a gift from Heaven...for God's sake take her back..!
mmm it's wet under ... 'Hot T-Shirts'
You Have Nothing to Fear‰Û_ Until They Operate!
Three boys, one summer... Only one thing on her mind!
This New Year's, you're invited to a killer party...
He's a boxer. She's a knockout. Together, they score.
They have no fear. No shame. No chance. All hope would be lost except for...
An adventure in ecstasy.
Only her desire can make him rise again
Mark held the key to Robotech. Unlocking its powers could save the world!
The monster they feared was the prince she loved.
Getting in is easy... Getting out is pure hell.
The last chance to stop the rebirth of the Master Race.
Somewhere round the next bend, lies the road to terror
...satisfaction guaranteed
Raw violence and hot rage explode
A wicked race... a killer chase... a totally cool adventure.
A story so enchanting you'll wish it were real.
Love is a monster.
She's sweet, sixteen, and she simply loves her daddy..... she'll slaughter you if you love him too.
Opposites attract; but is that enough?
The American dream ain't what it used to be.
Uncertainty...Chaos...Disorder. This is war.
Death his religion - blood his lust!
Kings Queens Soldiers Bikers War
They're back and this time they're breeding  mad!
The oil finally ran out... and somewhere in the future, the chase has begun.
You have been chosen. You are doomed. Prepare for.... SAVAGE WEEKEND
Millions loved him, could someone hate him enough to kill and kill again?
Schizophrenia... When the left hand doesn't know who the right hand is killing!!
The Devil in Priest's clothing!
What terrifying craving made her kill... and kill... and kill...
Only young girls may enter and no one leaves...
An Appalling Amalgam of Carnage and Carnality
How do you find a killer who doesn‰Ûªt exist?
If you thought growing up was hard, meet Charlie Conrad...
A remarkable film about the most disturbing subject of all.
Some look at life on the bright side. He prefers the grave side.
Testing the limits of love.
From incredible passion grows incredible beauty.
The movie the nation waits for!
An education in incarceration.
Fear lies in the darkness
You can't lock out what lives inside.
A film about what really happens when a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down
TV's Famous Wyatt Earp Blasts the Big Screen With Gun-Hot Savagery!
Politics, Italy, Love, Kiss
Unlock The Universe
One big island. One absurdly long walk.
Babes, balls and muscles in 3D for the whole family
What if the slipper didn't fit?
The Child Sex Trade in America
Adventures are much more fun if you can share them with someone.
All for fun and fun for all
Adventures of a time traveling elf
The Brain has rocked the world with laughter!
These days, women want it all: good job, hot romance, and incredible sex.
It's a killer... a Diller... a blast of laffs!
Hey girls, I am back
A Gripping Noirish Study of Treachery, Identity and Survival.
How far would you go?
Ablaze with the gun-thundering terrors of the West's most violent days!
Follow your dreams and find your heart.
The story of the Old West's valley of violence!
Come on, go ahead!
Love. Beauty. Wealth. Eternity.
He Handed Down a Decision IN FAVOR OF HIMSELF!
Kung Fu is a Skill for Killing
It's The Biggest Event Of The Year - The Superbowl! Thousands of Men and Women Seeking Excitement, Glamour and Romance ... But A Desperate Killer Threatens To Turn It Into A Nightmare.
At 5:00 pm on August 18 all hell will hit the people of Cassler, Mississippi
Royal passions that rocked a Crown...
They created a monster over lunch. Now it's back for dinner...
Rip-Roarin' Rhythm
This is Brother Ambrose. Lead him not into temptation. For he's sure to follow.
They told the Doolin-Dalton Gang where to go.  Then...they went with them.
Were You Ever In a Harem? WOW!
Is this any way to begin a love affair?
Is It Possible That The Dead Can Be Reborn?
He's in a coma... Yet, he can kill...
Do homework, buy prom dress, learn how to fly.
A GRAND SLAM! Fun And Laughter With The Greatest Guys In Baseball... and the luckiest kid in the world!
A MAN WITH A HOLE IN HIS PANTS
Some things shouldn't be disturbed.
Some see life as a race to the finish. They learned to see it as a journey.
HE WAS A PRINCE of India, she an American girl.
A young boy tries to train Thunderhead, a beautiful white colt and the son of his beloved Flicka, to be a champion race horse.
Once is never enough.
Fate Hangs On His Sword
Heaven or hell. It's in his hands.
The only case of possession confirmed by the U.S. Government.
Run for your life
Survival is an instinct, not a choice
Some secrets are best left hidden
How do you catch a killer when he's holding all the cards?...
Adam has something to tell you...
Mark Borchardt is back, in BLACK.
The two least likely bank robbers in the known universe plan and execute... kind of... the ultimate heist.
It's sun, sand, and sex in the Greek Islands.
If you don't know what they are, you don't know what you're missing.
Portrait of a lost childhood.
Malpractice Made Perfect
Older but not wiser.
It's not just a man's world anymore.
The incredible untold story of the greatest outlaw of all time.
Terrorism Meets Heroism
Where The Ocean Sets The Motion!
...it's funny enough to eat!
Champions aren't born ... they're made!
The travel agency promised George Lollar a peaceful island getaway. They lied.
Blood runs deep
Who's Got Time to Be a Teenager When You Have to Save the World?
Shy, fat girl vows to win over a hunky subway conductor.
Milly always wondered what it was like to be a boy. This morning she woke up with her first clue
Friends For(n)ever.
He had everything to gain... she had nothing to lose.
"He was a charming runaway in a big, fancy car who dazzled me completely..."
Their time has come!
Take them away for a weekend‰Û_ then try and let them go!
Moving on to Pastures New.
Sometimes family is the best medicine.
At Montclair High the students learn a lot more outside class than in!
The coolest things to do are the things they say we can't do.
A comedy for every person who has ever gotten a C.O.D. or signed an I.O.U.
People can only make you feel small if you give them permission.
Doing all the wrong things in all the wrong places.
Robert
They're way over the limit ... and speeding into trouble!
Celebrate summer and fun with a slew of bikini-clad beach bunnies!
A love story that became a marriage that became a love story
Monica is holding out ... but he's holding on.
A revealing look at America's favorite body part.
Four Decades. Three Murders. And One Very Rich Suspect.
Rex is taking his first big trip...back 25,000 years!
She dropped out of high school this morning ... Tonight she's a Times Square hooker.
The showdown that will define a destiny
A poor kid elopes with a banker's daughter.
These Girls Eat Men
Where every fantasy has a catch.
When you're fifteen, being in love is more than just...
It's the biggest party of your life, it's...
This is one flight you'll never forget.
After a taste of knowledge, the girls at Ogilvy Academy think they're... Pretty Smart.
A Cosmic Campus Comedy.
Justice is priceless.
This woman has cheated death. Now, Death wants to even the score.
The Fans' Tale of 'Firefly' and 'Serenity'
The truth is a nightmare.
Sometimes those with nothing have the most to lose.
Rafferty wasn't going anywhere anyway.
Good Folks. Bad Deeds.
In a small town, it's shocking what washes up.
Why not work where everybody plays?
To
Two Days And Nights Of Relentless Terror. Who Will Survive?
The kids had plans for a wild, all-night prom.  But no one expected a party like this!
Where the student body is going to pieces.
Lonnie's 12. Karen's 14. And this summer they're both...
They're like "Killer Tomatoes" with Great Bods!
From his French maid, he got Private Lessons. Now his English professor is giving him a REAL education.
At Big Top Beach, every guy finds a treasure chest!
Middlevale High has Cheerleaders, Jocks, Nerds ... and a Leprechaun!
Party your brains out. Get crazy. Cause serious damage. Just another typical summer at... Party Camp
The End of the Trilogy
Panty Raids... Short Sheets... Food Fights... After 'LIGHTS OUT' It's 'GROSS OUT!'
The new girl on the tennis team has real balls.
A bunch of fruits, nuts and flakes.
What do fast cars and beautiful women have in common?
Roll Over "Meatballs" The "Oddballs" Are Ready For Summer Camp!
Never stand in line. Never pay for your own drinks. Never stand next to a dweeb.
Can you handle yours when it comes..?
Freddy's got the perfect gift for Melody's birthday... he just doesn't know how to wrap it.
High finance and high romance are about to merge.
She's got one last day to do everything one last time!
From the Prom to the Pen...
Rock 'n' Roll . . . It's a long way to the top.
A deliciously wicked story of a boy and his teeth.
A is for Apple B is for Bed C is for Co-ed D is for Dead F is for Failing to keep your Head!
What fantasy could be worth $50,000?
A night to remember - until the day until you die!
This is one ghost who should be busted
It's the last weekend of summer. They'll be friends. They'll be rivals. They'll be falling love.
There's a first time for everything...and This is Charlie's!
Something Totally Awesome Is Going Down!
The war at home
Seven opposites, one old opera house, and a secret to die for.
Imagine a world where nothing is impossible.
Beauty, Brains, Blood.
The caper could get $5,000,000. All these American hoods had to do was knock off the nice old lady in World War I flying garb, the eccentric gentleman with the crossbow and the man-eating lion.
Never too late for a final blow
An intimate portrait of five ballerinas from the Kirov.
The Ultimate Insiders Look Into The Academy Awards
The naked ape is only human.
They were looking for the American Deream. . . They found the American Nightmare.
Her life is just getting started. Again.
She's up for a role, He's out for revenge, They're in for each other.
Think Fatal Attraction ‰Û_ in reverse!
Sects, cults, and mind control.
Be prepared.
Because people f#@king swear.
Wesley Deeds is About to Discover the Person He Was Meant to Be.
There's only one way to end bad blood
First the Fall, then The Harvest.
The slacker nightmare of your dreams.
Vegas has a new high roller.
You can't run from yourself
Millions infected, countless dead, and the lucky few survivors struggling to find the last safe corner for humanity.
Three Minutes Can Change Your Life
Mexico 2010, El Infierno... Nada que celebrar
Some people just can't handle growing up.
When The Earth Ends, Will Love Survive?
Fervidly dark lovesick horror inspired by the real-life criminal duo, the Lonely Hearts Killers.
His illustrations inspired her imagination.
He bought six men out of hell and they brought it with them.
Carroll Baker is the Fury. George Maharis is the Force. Sylvia is the Explosion!
A Journey on Qhapaq ÌÔan - The Great Inca Road
A triangle of friendship, love, sex, and, perhaps, murder.
A gun in his sock, a tire iron in his belt, and no badge. The story of Eddie. The best ex-cop in the business.
She's Every Big-Time Rodeo Prize Rolled Into One ...pair of tight pants!
The One...The Only KING OF MONSTERS as the new demon of the atomic age!
If ever a picture was crammed with guts, this is it.
It was a date that would change their lives forever.
The best yet!  and that means it's terrific!
2,500 passengers, 1 sinking ship, no escape.
The Blockbuster Story of a Fighting Marine That Comes Mortar-Screaming Out of Green Hells and Jungles!
The battle over "Chinaman's gold".
OUTCAST WITH A GUN!
Man has created his ultimate enemy.
Born in Absurdistan - Crazy Immigration Movie
Screams of terror‰Û_ silenced only by the splintering of glass!
Das Leben steckt voller ÌÏberraschungen
Don't look back or you'll never see anything again.
The shakedown shootout monster-reign that crimedom called... The System
One morning, Alex Selky got dressed, waved goodbye to his mother, set off for school and disappeared.
Health
The overlord of the damned
Beware the beast within!
The Feeding Continues
Sun, summer and fun. Smugglers, suspense and treasure.
The only way to trap a serial killer is to know what he feels, what he thinks, and when he'll strike...again.
8 legs, 3 Dimensions, 1 Disaster
Alone. Stranded. Deadly
The dead will not be silenced.
To save their souls they must save a kingdom.
12 ships against a fleet of 330.
They would be married first...and they would fall in love last.
Gene Hackman and Kris Kristofferson and Karen Black and Viva and a footrace...a crooked cop...a lot of money and so little time.
They exploded the ugliest riot in prison history to cover their dangerous, desperate break for freedom.
The story of a boy who got a girl out of trouble.
In one fatal moment he stood alone. His silence so loud it was deafening.
Two couples. Two love stories. One epic tale.
The greatest mystery she's ever written. And it could be her last.
Based on the novel of Chico Xavier
Bitter Days...Sweet Nights
He just wants a second chance to love his children... but someone else has taken his place.
He's the best hit man in the business His target - THE GODFATHER... His price - one million dollars.
Truth is stranger than legend...
They're back... and they're not alone!
Adventure is in Full Swing.
How do you know where you end and where your environment begins?
Hidden LOVE! Hidden HATE! Hidden FEAR!
Step Outside The Box
How do you pay your dues?
Love is timeless.
His army never conquered. It liberated.
Love Hurts
The Songs He Chose Tell The Story Of His Life
A letter from John Lennon changed his life
When you're at the top, the only way is down.
The untold story behind a great American novel
Come back soon...
Every action has a downstream effect.
...the story of her journey into perversion
It's always harder at night.
When you hear this cat breathing down your neck‰Û_ start praying‰Û_ before you finish your Amen‰Û_ you're dead!
Sometimes you have to break free to find yourself.
Everybody's dreamgirl. One girl's nightmare.
Was it winning he loved or beating New York?
Raiders ruled from Compton to the Coliseum.
Their fantasy became our obsession
Sometimes you gotta be bad to be good
A captive in your basement. What would you do?
From the moment they fell in love, secrets from a hidden past would tear them apart
Is this the end of real food?
One terrifying mistake and there was no return!
One man, two boys... one deadly game.
Never underestimate a girl with nothing to lose.
The War has already begun!
In the most interconnected world in history it's never been easier to hide the truth.
They said they'd do it.Unfortunately, they did!
Raw Panic The Screen Never Dared Reveal!
All You Need to Do is Believe.
Don't Misbehave.
Hi-Tech, High Stakes, High Danger!
The hardest act to follow is your father's.
Right Time Right Place Wrong Date
Eighteen Films. One Legend.
HE ALONE KNEW THE JUNGLE'S SECRET...ITS SAVAGE DANGERS!
This playboy has killer instincts.
LASHED TOGETHER BY THE SAME SIN AND THE SAME SECRET!
You Can't Live Without It.
You'll believe it just before you die...
The millionaire hotel owner who sang his way into romantic adventure.
TRUE...Actually Shot in the Medieval Locations Where the Actual Story Took Place!
Shocking! . . . Savage! . . . Sensual! This is the Ceremony
When the devil breeds...a new evil is born.
They live on the main drag of Brooklyn's jungle !
He's not home alone.
The Life of the Party and how!
This is a New Motion Picture as Daring as the Screen Will Ever Get!
Wouldn't you like to learn how to flip your lid? If you're chopping for entertainment, here's the super shocker of them all.
The end of the world in our usual bed on a night full of rain
A rescue pilot survived an earthquake, this is what happens next
Fear always finds its victim
Alice is going to be on TV whether you like it or not
A blast of drama when a city mob hides out in the country!
Against the vicious racketeers who rule a terrified city!
Sweden... where the facts of life are stranger than fiction!
A Newspaperman... A Grafting Politician... And A Beautiful Girl... In A Story Of Underworld Revenge!
As Startling as Your OWN Scream in the Night!
NO CRIME TOO VICIOUS...NO SIN TOO VILE...peddlers of poison to helpless prey!
Now -- For the first time -- It explodes
The Middle Ages . . . A time of magic and mystery . . . of heroes and villains . . . of love and death . . . of hearts and armour
Filmed where it actually happened... The true story of Jack Martin
Belgian legend Eddy Merckx and the Spanish mountain specialist JosÌ© Manuel Fuente
Divided by war. United by love.
Three siblings, one woman, one destiny
Our future is in the hands of women, everywhere
One Girl with Courage is a Revolution
The ecstasy continues
Never before -- Never again!
No one is ever the same after ...
She's Hotter Than Ever!
That Emanuelle girl is back more erotic & exotic than ever.
Emanuelle's back to take you places you've never been before!
The strong ones take, the weak ones give.
STRANGEST OF SIGHTS... The brain of an animal... the form of a woman!
What kind of a thing is it?!
The Reality
Be careful what you wish for.
One lost little cat. One magical adventure.
Fight Before Being Fired
I'm going to hell when I die
Truth is the only justice.
They will tear, rip, and bite anyone in their path of vengeance.
We dare you to go inside...
The most awesome battle ever seen!
See! The Torture That Makes a Modern Man Defenseless!
PARANOIA sucks you into a whirlpool of erotic love!
Don't get caught
Fear has a season
Discover A Magical New Land
Take flight with a new kind of princess!
True friends rock in perfect harmony!
Friendship overcomes any obstacle.
Your Number is Up.
In the land of the blind the one eyed girl is Queen
A real place you could never imagine.  Strange creatures you will never forget.
Sometimes life is about making the leap
A FILM ABOUT THE WORLD'S 27 MILLION MOST TERRIFYING SECRETS.
One Little Pill is a documentary film about the Sinclair Method for treating alcoholics.
Get Ready for Ricki.
Cold as Hell
Under this hood is the solution to our oil adddiction... but someone wants to keep it a secret.
How Miami became the cocaine capital of the United States!
Can you hear me now?
The Force Is Strong With Them
It's time to Prey
NOT ALL GERMS ARE CREATED EQUAL.
You are the solution
No woman could escape having her body used in the raw and Wild West of 1869!
Cannibalism is contagious
One small leap can move heaven and earth
100 years after the Armenian genocide.
Get in touch with yourself.
The blood of a wolf he placed in the veins of a man... and created a monster such as the world has never known!
When her son dropped out, she dropped in.
What if you could change the world?
A Seminal Journey of Self-Discovery.
Search. Rescue. Destroy.
Marooned on a remote planet, only one thing is certain... they are not alone.
Every day I wake up at a different age in a different year on a different day of my life. I want it to stop.
Motion Se Hi Emotion
A smuggler bleeds like anyone else. He just gets more chances to prove it.
Love. Sex. Death.
The road less traveled is filled with pot holes.
We're back pitches
Hung by his heels...Barbecued...Shot with a cannon.  Now it's his turn to get mean!
The Evolution of a Tradition
Wanderer. Gunslinger. Executioner.
A mission of life or death!
Bob Hope and Jackie Gleason request the honor of your presence at a swinging session on How to Commit Marriage.
ALL THE ALL-OUT LAUGHTER THAT MADE IT A SMASH HIT ON THE BROADWAY STAGE!
From The Pen Of The Greatest Western Writer In America Today -- Louis L'Amour
In this business there are no Innocent Bystanders
Ending it all was only the beginning.
The Rock and Roller Disco Movie of the Year!
A passion so strong it kills.
Some men rise to greatness because of their upbringing. Joshua did it in spite of his.
In the name of God, they brainwashed him and stole his heart!
A Curious Love Story! They were as different as BLACK and WHITE... but they had one thing in common!
Something wicked this way comes.
An unforgettable journey into the darkest reaches of terror.
Survival began with a song.
There's No Escaping Your Own Mind
Everything points to... the Accused!
The whole town crawled under his gun...
Some people change your life forever.
A probing look into the potential future of "thought policing" through the headline-making case of the NYPD "Cannibal Cop".
El Medico has to decide between doing his duty to the State, as a doctor fulfilling his mothers dream, or being an artist.
A retired bachelor has a thing for his neighbor who only shows affection to her pet tortoise.
When a dream becomes a legend.
THEIR BATTLE CRY-- "KILL THE PIGS!"
An Arcade Will Fall... A Hero Will Rise!
fastest man at 100m bar none
The black market is about to get bloody
The Comics Documentary
How do we protect ourselves
Good kids, small-town fun & unconditional love for a struggling friend.
To find the truth they must lose themselves.
And you shall suffer as Christ.
She's back to slash last year's record.
If you can't find it, design it.
Know Your Enemy
Time is the only border between worlds. What if time breaks down?
You Are Being Watched!
Flaming skies... blasted earth... the touch of love!
Why do paths cross?
Three unemployed men find the answer to all their money problems when they recieve a call from a kidnapper.
An unconventional love story...
Based on the infamous true story.
He asked for Equality, he witnessed injustice. He knew Wisdom ... he got Revenge!
Being young and not being revolutionary is a contradiction.
Don't Get Bitten
When she bares her claws ... You'll cringe with fear!
Abused and Used!
Armed and Sort-of Dangerous.
Groupie Girls Who Really Want to Make It Big!
Wanted Dead or Dead
Six ordinary individuals. Six extraordinary stories.
Pioneers for the Next World
Brothers... Cops. One enforces the law, the other breaks it.
What can you give a kid who has everything? A life.
Let's root for the little guys
100% politically incorrect
With evil, size doesn't matter.
One man has taken control of the courtroom - and it isn't the judge.
She's a knock-out!
Fear will eat you alive.
The Footage is Real. The Proof is Irrefutable.
"A simple prank, a game nobody won..."
Click. Clique. Bang.
Gianni is back and looking for love ...
There is only one safe place... in each other's arms.
Carry On laughing until you have hysterics, but...Don't Lose Your Head!
Take a trip down the highway with Dorothy
JUST + ANOTHER - CONFUSED / = ELEPHANT
Fiction's greatest adventurer
HIS Greatest CASE...HIS TOUGHEST BATTLE WAS ON ITS WAY AS WEDDING BELLS WERE RINGING!
Bulldog Drummond goes up against foreign agents trying to steal plans for a top-secret aircraft.
TRAPPED IN A CAGE WITH DEATH while a Madman cracks the whip!
TRAILING A TRAITOR on DANGEROUS PATHS THROUGH THE DARK CONTINENT!
For Hire: Deadly Weapons!
Some Girls Will Do Anything In The Dark... Even Murder!
Kill or Be Killed
No man can stop them!
The Crime Saga of the Digital Age
What's Wrong with Love?
GALLOPING THRILLS! A mighty adventure when America's destiny rode in the saddle bags of the...PONY EXPRESS
A tale of death, and of an evil which transcends death
he quake of the century... get ready to rumble in the rubble!
His camera Was More Deadly Than A Gangster's Gun!
It's a Major Mix Up!
Why are all the boys dying to meet Melissa?
Brain J. Macy will see you now.
The greatest belly laugh of them all.
The funniest movie in maybe 20 years!
If you hear them coming, you're already dead.
Loving someone... at the right time.
Rebellion starts with one ship
if you're curious about terror‰Û_
A Mad Surgeon's Mind in a Woman's Body
If looks could kill.
Bring Him Home
What he saw is what he did.
Brothers addicted to speed. At any price.
She will have he revenge.
crime thriller
It takes a cop from the future to fight an enemy from the past.
Sometimes you have to dare to dream
Don't miss the beginning.
Words usually come too late
You only lose once.
Rock'N'Roll Will Save The Day!
The Man-By-Man Story of a Lost Soul!
A boy feels guilt when his friend dies while they are playing in the ruins of a bombed London neighbourhood.
It took him 24 years and 18000 feet to find himself.
The streets - your only chance for life.
His Next Target is Now Hunting Him
Porn, the internet and the girl next door.
Let's Sing! Let's Rock! Let's Make The Scene!
The emotional explosion is hers. The emotional experience is yours.
They prowl by night...lusting for human flesh!
Everyone they meet...every door they open...every corner they turn...could be their last!
Hard on the heels of evil...soft on the lips of sheilahs!
It's not nice to fool with Mother Nature... it can be HORRIFYING!
Dare-devil test pilot takes you on a nerve-tingling adventure!
A Man Apart
It's one crazy love story!
YOU DARE NOT EVEN GUESS THE STRANGE LOVE STORY OF "THE RED HOUSE"
1942
Evil Doesn't Die Easily
Evil Never Dies
One of the guys. One of the Spies.
From the Play that shocked Hollywood!
Enter the world of fairies
You'll Be Spellbound...
Go...For...Your Gun Domino!
We All Know One.
Paolo Barca, maestro elementare, praticamente nudista
A one-way ticket to Hell...and beyond.
He's coming. At seven o'clock.
Welcome to Oldfield. Stop in for a night of pure terror.
She Went For Anything In Pants!
They Bit Off More Than They Could Chew!
They're burning up the streets!
Part Alien‰Û_ Part Human‰Û_ All Nightmare.
A Look Under The Shell
Sometimes you have to say goodbye before you can say hello.
...LET YOUR MIND WONDER...
The question is, Who is doing Who?
Out of the steaming slave markets come the ravaging sea-savages...the Muthers!
Kevin Pollak explores the dark side of comedy in this fascinating documentary.
Inspired by true events.
A moment can change everything.
The greatest battle that never happened!
Who's not loved, will not live.
But first, we need to get rid of the body
Run For Your Life
Follow him into fun, fantasy & fright -- he's a time-traveling ghost who's often out of sight.
Savage darts and white man's bullets split the Congo...in frenzied search for monster-guarded secrets!
What Gertie Has She's Keeping But Can You Blame the Boys for Peeping?
GREAT ADVENTURE AND ROMANCE FROM THE FAMED STORY
Lucky 13
A first-hand comedy documentary about working the road as a comedian.
Who says crime doesn't pay? 3 Million pounds says it does!
Astonishing Life on the Roof of the Earth!
Men Against The Sea! Stark Drama No Fiction Can Equal!
The key man to the most daring plot ever concocted by the secret agents of two worlds!
The Battle of the Ages!
Your Favorite UNCLEs Have a Date With Danger!
The take their lives in their hands... when they take each other in their arms!
Sure I know you're a two timer!
When the Eagle meets the Dragon
Dream Large. Live Larger.
A Daring Fable of Modern Love
For the fame and the fortune, they'll fight like dogs
The wife you save... may be your own!
They came to torture an agonised mind.
John Newton's Amazing Grace
Newport is an oasis of beautiful music - and beautiful people ... who take the high road to
No one, no one forgets it...
A coming of age story
Meet the little voices inside your head.
For blood. For money.  For a way out.
Celebrate a perfect mismatch.
The Salem Witch Trials remixed.
Every man wanted her, no man could tame her! The best secret weapon ever to wear a dress!
The death of an icon comes to life
The Life, Love and Genius of Brian Wilson
Your Torture, Your Pain, Your Fear, His Amusement
A mother's courage and a clash of cultures inspire the artist that transcends both
The most influential man you have never heard of.
What does the world think of America?
A profile of the world's only comedic, singing, dancing, lesbian twin sisters.
Real Vampires Don't Just Drink Your Blood
The concert was "the best live performance of the year." The movie is BIG TIME.
A lyrical tale of two solitary, playful and young souls.
Politics Can Be Intoxicating
They're the Best Man for the job.
The fire will burn forever.
Best Friend. Hero. Marine.
Game On.
Break the boundaries of your world
From J.K. Rowling's wizarding world.
A new wave comedy... from Liverpool with Love.
Oh Yes... Our Wigs Are Made From Genuine Human Hair, And How!
Cigar Smoking Hellcat of the Roaring Thirties
We did it for Alvin!
She was a legend in her own mind.
A unique experience in visual fantasy!
Science-Fiction's most astounding story!
A Little Different than What the Dairy Industry Tells You
Experience the adventure.
America wasn't discovered. It was built.
Hunter Warrior
Intercept the truth
A little singing, a little dancing, a lot of hummus.
Everybody Wants to be Somebody
A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away...
You're never too old to go back
Young bodies on the prowl... they pay by the mile!
A spook-tacular family adventure!
Her Friends Call Her Jail Bait...Her Clients Call Her Anytime!
The Fiercest Fighting Force Under Four Feet!
The Temperature Is Down But The Surf Is Up!
He's Back! And Catching More Waves!
This Halloween, whatever you do...
Pretty. Tough.
She Has One Night to Lose it All. Not as Easy as You'd Think.
The man behind the myth.
Change happens one bite at a time
...to win, they must be foot perfect!
Get ready to experience the dark side of the moon!
Outgunned, Outnumbered, and Outside the Law
Think this is what they do all day?
The Film The FBI Didn't Want You To See
A film about people like you and me
The epic battle has begun
Only one can win.
Get out of the Network!
PABLO is an animated biography that takes us through the exhilarating saga of design legend Pablo Ferro.
"There's Something Evil Behind You"
SHE said: They had an affair. They were in love. He was leaving his wife. HE said: It never happened. Who do you believe?
Fear for your life... Fight for your soul.
Some dreams survive.
Believe the impossible.
The birth of a plan gone wrong.
What took place in that town in 1948 should have been a love story.
Could this happen at your video store?
God Created Man. Man Created Immortality.
What on Earth Can Hold More Power Than a King?
Hunt forever.
You don't want to be on his list.
Worst Heroes Ever
To get home they must conquer hell
We had twenty years to prepare. So did they.
Laugh or get off the pot.
A Love Made In Heaven... A Revenge Born In Hell...
Live your dream
There's a hero inside everyone.
Everybody Pays
Experience a comic phenomenon like you've never seen before.
She didn't start it, but she'll finish it.
Evil can't be deleted.
El lado oscuro de una vida perfecta.
The father she didn't know ... the love she never knew she needed.
Some mysteries should not be unlocked
They're up to their old tricks
The true story of an American Phenomenon
A Lithuanian Love Affair
Start at the end and work forward.
The cops are there to protect her‰Û_ but who will protect her from the cops?
feel my love
Like Handel only funnier.
That 'Carry On' Gang is playing Doctor with the Sexiest Nurses in town!
For His Last Love, Fate Led Him To Betray His First Love.
Thif monfoon. Difcover your mean fide.
An adaptation of Shakespeare's Othello
Fun Unlimited
You know the legend. Now meet the man.
Free Your Inner Shaitan
Bollywood's answer to The Whole Nine Yards
Family Feud, Kung Fu Style.
Diwali 2006: Dhoom Machale once again!
Based On The Life Of One Of The Most Controversial Figures Of Our Time.
Extraordinary talent needs extraordinary inspiration
Ted is Coming, Again.
Battles were fought on the ground, wars were won in the sky.
There are places you should never visit. This is one of them.
Great power. Total irresponsibility.
Before Gru, they had a history of bad bosses
There's no turning back
They'll give you fast-fast-fast relief!
They're all gems. But who's the fake?
the baby-face punk who became the FBI's PUBLIC ENEMY NO. 1!
The Nightmare Was Over... Or Had It Just Begun!
You can't escape
Will the Real Fred Demara Please Stand Up??
A love triangle? Depends on you point of view really...
Love, life and other lies.
You'll Ride With 'Em! Shoot With 'Em! Laugh With 'Em! In The Biggest Bestest Funniest Most Musical Western Yet!
They really do know best!
What they wanted was love, what they got was an invasion.
Slark, raving comedy.
Little Charlie's all grown up... and setting the town on fire!
A Comedy Where They Bare It All.
Are you down for some Tinseltown partying?
When the fairy tale ends, the nightmare begins.
Men are so Easy!... A Little Lace, a Pair of Lips, a Touch, and they Kill for you!
Back in action and deadlier than ever!
Lewis Carroll's Classic Fantasy Tale.
Kids can be so mean.
The wildest frat house is going... Co-Ed!
The children of heroes past are our only hope for the future!
Life Is What You Learn Between The Sheets
The lowbrow comedy for the highbrow crowd.
He's got twelve chances to get Christmas right.
The Fight For Justice & Truth Continues...
Little Arms With Big Attitude
Keep your enemies close.
A Plan No One Escapes
When good vegetables go bad!
He shoots...he scores...he'll blow you away!
A one man Judge, Jury and Executioner who turns the Wild West into a Blood Bath!
Love never needed to be so blind.
Four kinds of queenly females...some regal, some legal, all exciting!
One of the great comedies of all time!
The dog who gets no respect
An evil mutation embarks on a wave of brutal butchery.
To Stop an Ancient Evil, It‰Ûªs Gonna Take Big Guns, Hard Sticks and Exploding Balls
Built to protect mankind, now programmed to destroy.
Evil comes with strings attached.
You don't have to be crazy to join, but if you are, it sure helps...
Regular Guys. Virtual Heroes.
Some of us evolve slower than others.
Nothing will ever be the same
You WILL get wet.
Fear. In The Flesh.
Daddy's money can't save them now.
Something evil this way comes
The Wicked Will Get You...
Locked in insamity
The Future of Law Enforcement
How far would you swing to get the girl you love?
Where the computer at home has an opinions of her own.
It's A Matter Of Love And Death.
Two enemies unite to destroy the Man Of Steel.
Left brain: Analytical. Right brain: Creative. Teenage brain: Sex-crazed!
A battle of legendary proportions.
Get Tough. Get Mean. Get Ready.
Finding your muse, can be murder.
Get Equipped
Action Adventure
Wait 'til you learn what mixture of meats go into those incredible sausages..!
Scooby-Dooby-Doo
Scooby-Doo Foils A Comic Cook Baddie!
The Flintstones & WWE: Stone Age Smackdown
As if life at 14 isn't twisted enough.
They have to get free, foil the bad guys, and get to the TRL studio in time
The story of two people who fell in love.....and kept on falling.
Professional. Unscrupulous.
It Found A Voice... Now It Needs A Body
Iron Man and Captain America team up in groundbreaking Marvel CG Animation.
Remember this is completely voluntary.
Travel through time with Kim.
Alright! Alright! Alright!
Short
My kind of frog!
No one does stealth like an Elf
Spend Father's Day with who really raised you... Star Wars.
Get Ready for Emotional Atyachar
A Delhi-based retired middle class man tries to get his land back from a swindling property dealer with the help of his sons and their friends.
Inspired by true events from America's most notorious town
Danger. Excitement. Adventure. It's just another day in paradise.
The Titans go ninja on the notorious villain Brushogun in their awesome first feature-length movie.
An Ancient Game Becomes A Deadly Sport.
He's back! Mickey Mouse - in his first new motion picture in 30 years
And Hell Rode With Them
It's time for you to know
An All-New Awesome Adventure!
Improbable Odds. Unstoppable Force.
Can a great man be a good man?
All hail Macbeth that shall be king
You better watch out!
Cody's Not Just Growing Up... He's Growing Fins!
Be Careful... What You Wish For
She wrote the book on awesomeness.
What could go wrong?
Grab your spirit sticks!
Beyond the Limits. Where Myth Meets Legend...
A Tale Untold. A Legend Unleashed.
Somewhere Between Time & Space... A Legend Is Born.
You will pay for your sins
Throwing L.A. Back to the Stone Ages
Their world is closer than you think.
It's Starting Again...
Hell will be unleashed
Three kids land in prehistoric times and are adopted by a nurturing mother T-Rex
It's live. With death.
No grey... only black and white.
Two brothers, one dream and a hundred ways to get it.
Forget the truth, find the story.
You get one shot at life. Try not to miss.
Chivalry make a comeback.
Rebounding From Death's Door
No one is above the law.
This is not a vacation. It's a rescue mission.
Extinction: Nature Has Evolved
Your franchise is about to be taken.
Death Should Be A Once in a Life Time Experience
Fairytales are always in fashion
Remember Me?
Ruining his life... One nag at a time.
You don't get to choose your family
Revenge has its own set of rules
Two Cops. One Mission. No Mercy.
Darkness is coming. Heroes must rise. The legend begins.
A train on the Buenos Aires subway system suddenly vanishes.
Forgive me father for I am sin
Don't cross legends.
A story of fatherhood. A journey of brotherhood.
It Is What You Think It's About.
When an accident renders her fiancÌ© a quadriplegic, Carrie faces mounting pressures that ultimately cause her to start a new life in New York.
What happens upstream stays upstream
Win or Lose, You're Dead.
Pray For Dawn.
Wanting her was his first mistake
Never give up.
One last chance to make it right.
In the shadow of the storm it waits.
The story of a girl who finds herself - and then eats herself
Prey for salvation
Darkness Shall Rise
Mankind May Fall. Heroes Will Rise.
The strongest tag team is family.
Extinct no more!
the lost generation tries to find their way
Liars Must Be Punished
Everyone Knows a Machine Cannot Kill. Except the Machine.
It Begins Where Others End! On the Moon!
By the time he's ready to kill you... its an act of mercy!
Enjoy the show.
Love is longer than life.
Justice or revenge
Find the hero within you
Sun. Sex. Soccer... Survival
Based on a true story, ‰Û÷Rise‰Ûª sees Will wrongly accused then  stripped of his career and freedom, he must survive maximum   security prison and the infamous Jimmy Cove to prove his   innocence...
Get Ready for Hell in a Cell
6 targets in 6 hours or London burns
Survival Is No Game
To find redemption, he must avenge his son...
Time does not exist. Only choice.
Fight the Evil
There are two sides to every story.
Every guy on campus wants a copy of Kate.
There's one in all of us.
Taste the evil. Taste the fun.
Call her mad, call her a monster, just make sure you call her once a week!
It's the fight of the living dead!
Before your funeral...Before you are buried...Before you are covered with the last shovelful of dirt...Be sure you are really dead!
She left them three years ago. Now she's coming back... Whether they like it or not.
Their sex games have no boundaries.
He climbed from New York's worst ghetto to the nation's top schools. He was living the American dream. So what went wrong?
Scientists created a new life form that only lasted a few hours. The truth is...it's still alive.
The Secret that Half the World has been Keeping...
While you are watching them, they are watching you.
Love only listens to the heart
A budding friendship with a new student takes a sinister turn when the girl starts to disrupt the lives of her family.
You can't choose your family but she can.
She's mommy's little girl... and she'll do anything to stay that way.
Teen love is a killer.
Motherly love knows no bounds
Trust no one.
It's hard to feel normal when you are trying to be perfect.
She'll be dead before she's thin enough.
perfect , child
Nothing can come between a girl and her true love... except maybe murder.
He's Clean ... Mean ... A Fighting Machine!
A Study of Physical Excess!!
Based on the novel by R. L. Stevenson.
She Was Born With Devastating Psychic Powers. And She's Forced To Unleash Them In A Shocking Finale!
They thought they were alone...
In the midst of life we are in death.
Attraction. Temptation. Addiction.
The man Mumbai once feared. The man Mumbai now fears.
A testament to the strength of the human spirit.
Let your goose loose... and see where it flies.
Ryna, pays a heavy prize, in search of her identity.
Down This Street Raced Dead-End Violence... Down This One Stretched Excitement Taut As Silk!
His parents went back to the land. He's been stuck there ever since.
Growing up means getting even.
Home is a Journey
Don't believe everything you hear
An American dynamiter love-locked in war-locked China!
Drama War
An accidental comedy
Based on a true story
Wilma Harrison had it all. A wealthy doctor for a husband. A big playboy for a lover. A beautiful home. And a horrible death.
When you go online, who can you trust
The story of a group of courageous musicians who form a band in a West African refugee camp to keep their hope alive.
A down and out private detective engages in a turf war with a upstart quasi-religious cult.
He's there because you're a mess!
(The Fort)
There are 33,000 in his gang.  His gang is the police.
Marion Cotillard in her first leading roll.
A family must de-clutter or lose their home
The girl behind the name.
Even acts of mercy have a price.
No One Is Save
A City Screams in Terror!
Be nice to Eric. Or Eric won't be nice to you.
Fantasy kills
Can love survive bipolar disorder?
The True Life And Crimes Of Paul Ferris
To catch a killer. You must understand evil. Or be evil.
How far will man go to discover life?
The Awakening
Game...Set...the Perfect Match!
Unsettling and unforgettable
The Vietnam war has just ended. But for Jack Falen, the battle is only beginning.
An adventure that started 2000 years ago...
Scrape your Knuckles. Catch some Tails.
The Legend Is Real...
Nothing Is Too Violent Or Too Cruel For Them
Tomorrow's Sexiest Comedy..... Today!
The Black Cat from Watts..The Kung fu Cat from Hong Kong..Even chained together-Nobody can handle them!
A Blood-dripping Brain Transplant turns a Maniac into a Monster...
Lust-Mad Men and Lawless Women in a Vicious and Sensuous Orgy of Slaughter!
Motorcycle maniacs on wheels
Big Woman! Big Appetites! Big Trouble!
...for those who measure success only in the hours before the morning light!
Get inside, get away, just don't get stung
Stand your ground.
The secret story of Schiller's passion.
Helsinki, Forever
Back to the grind.
Sometimes they stay. Sometimes they go.
It's a robbery.  A million things could go wrong.
Love. Hate. Loneliness. Humor. Sensuality. Nothing will prepare you for the devastating climax.
Everything starts up so good and ends up so fucked.
Tina Spangler is about to discover just how little she knows about life...
The journey home is just the beginning
Kids should never grow up
Death is just the beginning.
A Line, A Loop, A Tangle of Threads
Everybody Serves Their Time
I still remember
Some girls are sugar and spice and everything nice.....
Rise. Unite. Fight.
Between guilt and innocence lies temptation.
This summer will be no vacation.
You Will Be Devoured...
Horror is Nothing More Than Truth
The story of a mother's vow to find her child ...
There is a home for each of us, for some it's just harder to find.
From Embryo to woman in 4 and a half weeks.
Something special is coming your way!
For every move... a counter move - for every attack... a counter attack!
Nothing Great Was Ever Achieved Without Danger
Sometimes you nail love. Sometimes it nails you.
We hunted it into extinction... Now it's hunting us.
Between heaven and earth, where love became a legend.
She wants your clothes, your house, your family...your life. Welcome to the Neighborhood
Savage by savage...they fought out of a deadly Apache torture trap!
The darkness within has come out to play
Never mind how they got into it ...wait 'till you see how they get out!
It's almost like the real thing.
Who can you turn to when there's noone left to trust?
Let your heart sing
She's a juror in a murder trial- but she suspects they've got the wrong man- and that could be her own... DEATH SENTENCE
Sisters. Sororities. Sacrifices.
Justice can never be silenced.
1976. Montreal. Eight people who wanted to see and be seen at the trendiest disco will be juggling fame and anonymity until they will be forced to make sober choices in an era when excess was the norm, and when disco was king.
Holy 'A' in Science Class - I made myself clone!
If this story wasn't true you'd never believe it
Life Changes In A Flash.
You can run from a lot of things.... sin ain't one of them.
The Michael Jackson Story
Saving the world never goes out of style.
Watch this movie - it could save your life
Everybody has a bad day
PULSAR is a film about love, paranoia and radio waves
She couldn't run from her past. So she fought for her future.
It's Jennifer's party and she'll cry if she wants to
Rescuing her was just the beginning of his adventure.
From dark heroes, justice will dawn.
Her fantasies could be fatal.
The Truth Lies Within
It's not going to be plain sailing.
She corrupted the youthful morality of an entire school! Her best lessons were taught after class!
Every friendship has its price
No kids allowed
Every Good Feeds On Evil
Some relationships just won't die.
The epic battle for epicness
Dream High.
When everything went wrong, six men had the courage to do what was right.
A film by women for women ... and men who appreciate
Home is where the fire is.
No Regrets
The haunts from her past become the horrors of the present....
They Trailed Him...Tailed Him...Tried to Nail Him...NO WAY!!!
12 Months. 12 Girls. 1 Killer.
A dash of corruption. A pinch of romance. What could go wrong?
35 year old Alice has a husband and a son.
The Most Amazing Story Of Survival, Friendship and Adventure
117 men, women and children vanish without trace - Inspired by the true story.
Sometimes the enemy is closer than you think...
There has to be a morning after, but only if you survive the night before.
They went looking for gold. They found something evil.
If she's still here, then it won't be quiet, not for you, not for anyone.
If you love someone, you'll die for them.
Love and guilt are easy to confuse...
A battle of the sexes, winner takes all.
On July 19, 2005 three friends went on a road trip. They never came back.
A film that could only be made in Milwaukee, where life is CHEAP!
Some secrets should stay hidden
Murder. Seduction. Betrayal.
7 Days. 7 Sharks. 1 Survivor
Every School Has Its Spirit
Kill me.
The best of friends make the worst of enemies.
Close your eyes and fall in love.
The richest adventure of them all
Death is not what you think
Based on an inspiring true story of survival
Size Does Matter...
Pet is not just a pet
GABLE'S back and GARSON'S got him!
Look who they gave a gun!
Mounting tension all the way -- with non-stop guy-girl excitement!
He drove 'em wild!
See Canada's "finest" swing into action in the first color-epic of the mounties...
It's been sleeping peacefully on a moon of Saturn for 2000 centuries ... until now!
If you cant run
You Will Be Replaced
'You Can't Hold your Breath & Scream at the Same Time'
Where innocence ends, vengeance begins.
Would you still love your son even if he grew up to be Jeffrey Dahmer?
He just wants to play a game.
If you're not one of us, you're a victim.
Everything is about to change.
Go Hick Yourself
Desperate man on the hot spot... and only one way out!
Rise. Awaken Your Hero Within
If you're looking for love...get lost!
Sheds just enough light for MURDER
This is Ann-Margaret BEFORE she went to Paris... This is Ann-Margaret AFTER she got to Paris... AND what happens in between is what it's all about!
Hot lead and cold cash outside the law!
Every turn was a wrong turn.
Summer Unleashed
Getting Even... Just Got Even Funnier!
There's never been a girl so good at being bad. And now she's planning "Sweet Revenge."
A scarring tale of white slavery, murder... and vengeance!
A musical meteor of songs, comedy and romance!
The Greatest Team Ever Assembled!
La libertad es un instinto irresistible.
THEY FOUGHT FOR A GIRL'S SOUL!
For the right money he can make anything disappear
Boris Karloff He Turns Them On‰Û_He Turns Them Off‰Û_to live‰Û_love‰Û_die or KILL!
Something hungry is about to hatch.
When a killer dreams of millions... and a girl to spend them on!
Terror is the only sane response.
When you're cornered like an animal, it's kill or be killed
The only church that illuminates is a burning church.
It's the JAWS of Rock!
Passion... Poison.
Sometimes vacations don't turn out as you planned!
Love Turns to Jealousy, Jealousy To Rage, Rage To Violence
How many stories can one hotel room tell?
The crime of a lifetime. Live on the net.
She Gets Whatever She Wants...
The ultimate mind-bending reality thriller.
Where will you be when it runs out?
Hell has never been so cold
A reflection of pure terror...
Tommorow they can come for you.
Fifty years after the end of the world, the only ones left are nuked out, zoned-out burnouts. The wildest adventure of all is about to begin.
In everyone's life there's a friendship you never forget.
In 1985, her entire family was murdered. 30 years later, the truth emerges.
Trust No One
What he knows might kill you‰Û_
It's never too late to make a U-turn
For three glorious years, football was 365
The greatest odds he ever faced were his own
In the '80s college football was hit by a hurricane
Hard to tackle. Harder to put a finger on.
Heroes. Saviors. Legends. Then, they turned 13
There was no answer to why not us
Dreams brought them together. Reality tore them apart.
A dynasty lost in sudden death.
It is The Draft That Changed Everything.
Their spirit would never be broken
Nothing personal. It's just revenge.
Caught in the Crossfire!
Evil Engulfs
What do you do when your life does a 180?
ˆ¨ ˆ¨_ˆ¨µˆ¨©ˆø
Face the gallows... or Jordan's gun
A new dimension in terror.
His dream... His chance... Their race.
Reading. Writing. Revolution.
One Man's Terrorist...is another Man's Patriot
Love has its own place
Witness the Change!
Murder love
Eddy Kay is wired to explode
Open 25/8 because 24/7 is for puss!#$
She's the Woman of Your Dreams ... In Your Worst Nightmares.
Sherman Hemsley is a big city cop hot on the trail of the ghosts too bad to be busted.
The West just got wilder.
WELCOME TO HELL!
A Perfect Vacation
Hold your breath
When absolute power corrupts... Get Justice!
They Have Such Sights To Show You
This holiday, they're fighting for love.
She's a hot... cold blooded killer.
Silence is your savior.
Cowboys, Indians and Zombies made the wild west, even wilder
True Story. Real Footage
A hypnotic mystery.
(n. One who has returned, as if from the dead.)
The Glory And Excitement Of Rome...In All Its Greatness and Badness!
Only in New York.
Desire. Envy. Obsession.
It's about him. It's about her. It's about time.
Based on a true story.
A demonic exorcism releases the evil inside
Who say you only die once?
The battle for your soul, has begun!
It's all in the plan
Fear what evil lurks in the shadows
He fought for justice, and made Pakistan.
I Love You, I Don't
A lifetime of loneliness...Or one day of love
United We Stand
Two strangers research a mysterious outbreak of mass hysteria in a small village.
No Escape
Death is Only the Beginning...
Get over the ex... and #ontothenext.
There are twelve good reasons to be afraid of the dark. And every one of them is a killer.
Soon you will be able to test your tolerance
...Ready for take off
King Of Cool
Every man has his own mountain to climb
It's never too late to begin a new adventure.
Terror from Outer Space!
Revenge is sweet
Welcome to the lab.
Who Pays the Price for Our Clothing?
Taking lives, one scene at a time.
One ark, 50,000 animals. What could go wrong?
Believe in Hope.
The border is just another line to cross.
Seventy years ago, he kept hope alive.
A mother should look out for her sons.
When passions ignited a nation. When choices became a matter of life and death.
For twenty years, he lived in silence. Now his heart needs to speak the truth.
Sometimes life leads us where we least expect... and most need to go.
Pay to check in - Pray to check out.
This Addiction Can Kill
Secrecy. Hope. Ruin.
The rise and fall of an organized crime family.
Victory is the only option
Never try to outsmart a wiseguy.
True genius comes from opening your heart
Evil's Roots Run Deep
Evil wants an heir.
Aware, Alert, Alive!
One night can change your whole life.
Life is happening right here, right now.
No surrender for heroes.
Behind Her Lush Beauty Lurked
Buckley vs. Vidal. 2 Men. 10 Debates. Television Would Never Be The Same.
Fire Burns... Lava Bites
Together they will change the world.
Big Bird guided you through childhood. Let Caroll take you the rest of the way.
Learn to live. Plant Strong!
The end is just the beginning
There comes a time in your life when you want to be exactly who you are.
Based on the YouTube channel
Immigrants who wants a better life.
Prepare to be extinguished
Tragedy runs through our blood
There are things that can't be forget.
7ft 375lbs Of Pure Aussie Killing Machine
You can do it again!
A Buddy Movie Without The Buddies
There is no turning back
Discover the Intoxicating Story Behind the World's Most Famous Wine.
The Show The Pentagon Couldn't Stop!
To be blind, to be loved.
The end destination of love's journey is you.
They prey on HUMAN FLESH!
The Ninja Mission Continued...
To build the future you must know the past.  But what if that past has been hidden, lost, or denied?
Every good love story has three sides.
Illusion was their ultimate weapon.
It's the battle of the sexes as savage planet women attack female space invaders!
You shouldn't have looked.
See it with someone who speaks your language of love.
For 2,000 years the Vatican has recorded evidence of evil. May God have mercy on their souls.
72 films that changed Britain forever.
Comedy, food, drama and sex, a lot of sex
Experience never gets old
It's a fright to the finish for Batman!
When the undead can evolve, no one is safe.
They charge an arm and a leg!
Do you believe in fate?
I've decided to go on tour and support my new book, Uganda Be Kidding Me. I think we all know how much I love the sound of my own voice!
A story about the fight for those who have no voice.
a different kind of American Story.....
They're not bad. They're just born that way.
Bury the past...or it will bury you.
With love, there are always second chances.
Love knows no boundaries
...you're either in, or you're in the way!
Dear Santa. North Pole.
nederlands
The Legend Begins
In a Reverse World, A Legendary Battle Rages On...
If You Have a Craving for Terror‰Û_ Come to the Class Reunion
Power always comes at a price
OUR ROARING BUT EMBARRASSING TWENTIES
Not every gift is welcome.
Never Meet Your Heroes
Elucidating the truth
Evil takes many forms.
When there was nothing to believe in, she believed in herself.
We prey for you
You don't choose your own family
A Family In Transition
Every story has a price.
It's never too late to start living.
A young girl's faith... A town's raw courage... against a frightened tiger on the loose!
It's Been a Long Time Coming.
An Episode in the Life of a Police Officer...!
The strongest voice comes from the heart.
This is Eli Pettifog. He's got a score to settle, and it's going to get hairy.
Our Happy Time
It only takes one step to cross the point of no return
Wars are fought by many. History is made by few...
Their first full-length tune-full adventure!
If you think chocolate is just candy... think again.
Indian tomahawk and cavalry saber fighting side-by-side for the glory of the West!
Their comedy made us laugh out loud, but their lives were pure drama.
The story behind the life of one of the greatest basketball players of all time.
Four legs good. Two legs bad.
They're making a spook-tacle of themselves!
See Timmie and his friend Robby the Robot combat the Super Computer
Rodney gets no respect - until he changes his tune!
THERE is real DRAMA in this story of a BOY...and his DOG!
James Fenimore Cooper's Great Adventure Classic !
The funniest Superhero story ever!
Ponch and Jon are Back!
FEEL HER STING
Justice has a nasty sting.
Seductive and Beautiful. But Lethal.
Experience the loves, tragedies and triumphs of a beloved screen legend.
He is a master of disguise. She is a master of the hunt. Let the chase begin.
It's Die Hard at 90 miles an hour!
Hayley Mills is at it again !
Something, Something, Something, Dark Side
Big city. New start. Best friends.
They achieved worldwide fame but, what they wanted... was respect.
Scourge of the underworld!
They go down to the sea in ships.........and come up with oceans of LAUGHTER!
A Girl's Incredible Adventure on a Lost Island!
It was a one-night stand that became a Fatal Bond.
STOP THE PRESSES! Nancy's on the trail of a terrific SCOOP!
On his neck he wore the brand of a killer... On his hip he wore vengeance.
No one loves you like your grandparents.
The truth lies in the most unexpected places.
Be careful, children at play.
Some couples break up... They broke in.
The true story of a modern pioneer family who turned their backs on civilization...never to return.
On-the-spot realism!
The Cry Was Revenge - And One Man Vowed to Stop the Bloodshed of Two Warring Nations!
Loved Get Smart? Get more!
One Woman Who Changed The World
My beloved Boaz...
Music sets you free!
Evil Ninjas. Traitors to their art. Who will stop them and the deadly power they hold?
She Can See Her Future, But Can't Escape Her Past.
Platoon To Hell!
The Dream You Can't Escape ALIVE!
Terror is just beneath the surface
The most unusual police force in the world.
Show me the Monkey!
Everyone's getting smoked.
No rescue. No refuge.
The Story of N.W.A.
When violence is the only life you know, will love save you or just unravel everything?
12 strangers must co-exist for 96 hours to collect a million each.
Their first drive could be their last.
When the law has a job they can't handle... they need a man outside the law.
Some doors are better left closed.
Everyone's sweet 16 is special, Abby's is magical.
What if everyone in the world was gay? Except for you.
Falling in love with the boy next door? That's a dream come true. Falling in love with his father, too? That's just awkward.
Start Packing
Just the way God made ‰Û÷em!
It's the promise of a rare good time!
A kaleidoscopic look at the last day of Italian filmmaker Pier Paolo Pasolini in 1975.
Generation Lost
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth forcing someone else to do it.
The camelia girl
Black, bold and bloody mean!
Sailor Moon VS Snow Queen! The Legendary Sailor Scouts' Power Appears!
Promise of a Rose
The Black Dream Hole
Two men. One Task: save humankind.
In suburbia no one can hear you scream.
She was forced to become the perfect killing machine with a heart of steel.
Half Zombie. Half Demon. All Zemon!
They took her life. She'll take her revenge.
You are what you believe.
Don't look away for even a second.
It's a pleasure doing business with‰Û_ DAGMAR'S HOT PANTS INC.
Exorcise caution.
Do you believe in parallel universes?
You don't have to be straight to be a terrorist
Some summers you treasure forever
His life began a dead end.
First, he was paid to watch her. Now, he'd pay any price to have her.
Hunt, Play
It all started when i Googled my name.
Without A Win. But Never Without Hope.
What he can't remember is killing him.
I want to protect books just like the one I admire
Discover the origin of the monster and his creation.
rempetiko rembetiko mousiki
Before there was Fiddler, there was Tevye... and the man who created him.
You think you know about the Range Rover murders...Think again.
...lies a playground for adults. Would you go?
The animal kingdom stages its own olympic games.
Ursula Andress will melt your thermometer
Teenage distance runner works hard to achieve a 4-minute mile.
Next stop ... Mars!
A celebration of life, death and everything in between
The Lavish Courts of Spain...The Savage Torture of the Inquisition...The Treachery of Love...All Storming Across the Canvas of the Man Called El Greco
Risk everything. Regret nothing.
Blood Against Blood
From the director of Natual History of Parking Lots and Luster
Squad of Soviet Superheroes
The man with a million excuses!
The Final...
Not Dying Doesn't Mean You're Alive
Even choice is not an option.
LOVE AND ACTION RIDE HAND-IN-HAND!
The Island ... The Treasure ... The Romance
The freeway isn't just a road... it's their way of life!
Harrad College... where free, liberated relations between coed students are encouraged!
You bet your ass this is for real!
Cry of the Wounded
It's 'Ma (EGG AND I) KETTLE' as the wild and willing widow!
Teen pregnancy isn't always unplanned.
Terror Breeds in the Shadows of the Soul
The Past Is Killer
Women Are TOUGH Angels... They Can Handle Anything That Flies... Except A Pilot!
And They Blended That Courage and Their Cowardice to Fight an Enemy for 72 Nightmare Hours!
Playing With Love is Risky - But Such Fun!
Pioneers Of The Sea... Tamers Of The Land... Builders Of The Dream!
One night can cost your life.
He Was Too Busy Making History to Make Love!
You can't deny and you know!
Heaven could never be this HOT!
She was killed 40 floors above Park Avenue! Can you solve the crime in the clouds? (
He lost everything... except the will to fight
Even the Underworld has its Aristocracy... its High Society... its Jet Set. They're called "The Destructors"
A masterpiece of terror and suspense.
With a cast of thousands - in hundreds, tens and singles!
An Eye For An Eye ... And Then Some
A hardcore cyberpunk classic.
A disaster that shall never be forgotten.
No one enforces the law like he does!
The name of the game is Danger
Getting to the top can be murder
A fucked up fairy tale
Find your equal.
Always bring protection.
Whack It!
Revenge is a bitch.
The nightmare continue...
Mothers. Daughters. Rebels.
Thirty years of hatred. One bloody Sunday
They're Just Flowers
Œ_àŒÊ«äö ‹âø‹Ä©‹Ä_‹Ää
A documentary for anyone who likes to eat.
At the dusk of man... Only the dead survive
Three decades. Two nations. One love.
Destiny is drenched in blood.
Miracles Do Happen and True Love Can Come True
Panty Bless You.
Eat. Prey. Kill.
On the Road with American Road Movies
An investigation of sex trafficking.
It wasn't gold that brought them together
The Unstoppable vs The Untouchable
The country falls. The operation begins.
The dark side of america's achievement culture.
This is the future... This is the year 1997.
Youth is innocent until proven guilty.
Real love. Real life.
She faced a question as old as Eve!
STRADDLE YOUR HOGS AND RIDE, MAN! The 'Black Souls' vs the 'Stompers' in the deadliest gang war ever waged!
The screamingly funny comedy team!
Best school trip ever!
The world is yours.
The illusion of a better future.
A Portrait of Arthur Russell
For the love of money is the root of all evil.
They soared above the ordinary.
Prayer is a Powerful Weapon
It was the low-budget summer camp movie that morphed into a cult hit. And the cast members are now movie and TV legends.
Love, fight, live, rule like a legend.
Who we don't know can save us
Let the battle for high school begin.
A Story You Wish Were True
They always find a way to get off.
Evil is coming...
500 years is enough
A family gathers ... for one last weekend.
I Am Goin To  Kill You Dead
Find the courage to be yourself.
When there's no more room in Hell...you get married
Part man, part machine, all killer. Mankind doesn't stand a chance.
The man who hears with his eyes and speaks with his gun...
Please don't feed the children.
Three men attempt to become the first humans to run coast to coast across the Sahara Desert
Bold. Brilliant. Brutal.
New demon, new nightmare
This dinner party's gonna be KILLER.
We were never alone.
One way in. No way out.
It begins with an ancient warning. It ends at the edge of Niagara Falls. In between there are 5 murders. Solve the mystery. Or die trying.
Child. Captive. Killer.
Tales of Deviance and Forbidden Desire from the Case Studies of Krafft-Ebing.
The Love Story That Defined A Movement
A little story about a big lie
Evil Never Dies, It Waits
An antarctic love story
Some things are better left unsaid.
Brutal. Notorious. Legendary
Don't Let A Bro See It Alone
Murder is an art.
A mostly true story
One child, one teacher, one book and one pen can change the world.
Work. It sucks the life out of you.
When its Red. You're Dead.
Drive to Survive!
The Fury Of Zoroark Has Been Unleashed!
The Happiest Time of My Life
Some people are just dying to be heard.
Protection is out of the question
First Love
And you thought the '80s were dead...
They don't belong here.
A New Greek Odyssey
When Destruction Rises, Can Life Prevail?
A Power Unbound. A Battle of Legends.
School's out forever.
Dead or Alive, They're coming for Steve
A midwife's forbidden love story... separated by war, joined by love at first sight.
Put The Christ Back in Christmas
Come Play With Fire
He Delivers.
A movie about Picasso, Braque, cubism & early cinema
Iron Man and the Hulk team up in groundbreaking Marvel CG Animation.
Truth, we missed you!
Do We Stand Out or Do We Fit In?
Family is worth fighting for.
Escape is just the beginning.
One night can cost you everything.
Sometimes you look for the end. Sometimes it looks for you.
Welcome to the scariest place on earth.
Know your neighbors.
A prophecy. A destiny. A fallen angel.
There was never a more dangerous time to fall in love.
Are you on the naughty list?
Beware the temptations of the flesh.
3 months ago Rabbit Angstrom ran out to buy his wife cigarettes. He hasn't come home yet.
Killing is a terrible thing, what comes next is worse.
He's coming home to the war he never left.
The street is at play.
Sorority Girls Suck!
All's Fair in Blood and Gore
They're magically malicious!
Unlock The Ultimate Secret This October!
HE'S BACK AGAIN... The Fastest talking newshawk in his greatest role!
Believing in family can create miracles.
To reunite a father and son, it would take a miracle and one very special horse.
Yes, it's the howling sequel to "See Here, Private Hargrove"
The hideous truth, concealed far too long.
Two small time drug-dealers cross paths with a female-assassin, a monster hunter, a Japanese swordsman and even the Devil himself at a gentlemen's club housing murderous she-demons.
Never has a woman loved so deeply . . . Or so dangerously!
Every Face Is A Work Of Art
By the end of the dance, some of the sorority sisters were dead on their feet.
You're not the only one who wants them dead.
Bambi doesn't want a fucking salad.
Many have arrived. Few have survived.
Love has many faces.
From Rebel to Icon
Life: Some disassembly required.
Hide your thoughts.
Twelve Rounds In the Clip. One Shot at Redemption.
Enjoy your stay
He wants to be your best friend...forever.
How do you love someone, if you don't show who you are?
The haunting has come back home.
Love Slaves Of Satan Tortured To Blood-Dripping Death
A Padlocked Shed, Hooks of Cold Steel -- a Maniac on the loose
Savage and Wilson are Combat Cops! A Hard Way To Live... An Easy Way To Die
Intimate. Explicit. Uninhibited.
Behind the spiked gates of this "exclusive" girls' school, live... "THE YOUNG, THE EVIL AND THE SAVAGE."
In the middle of the ocean, a new form of horror is taking shape.
En sortirez-vous vivant?
Submit to the master or be frozen forever in his cold-storage harem!
Fear awaits ...... in the murky mists of outer space!
Loads of gore and action, plenty of bloody shoot-outs, a hugely entertaining monster (the infamous ‰ÛÏBig Claw‰Û).
Hard as stone soldiers of fortune fighting to survive
He had two choices. Find the treasure... or lose his life!
POW's in Vietnam... starved in captivity... released with a taste for human flesh.
The adventure that drags you in, pulls you under and tears you apart!
Death means NOTHING to a beast with nine lives!
The darkest western ever made
Five Men Held The Balance Of Death... ...his revenge explodes in a blaze of hellfire!
Big brother is watching you
Everyone has pending affairs
Some things are worth fighting for.
May the best campaign win.
The world is merciless.
A new level of fear.
Sometimes good friends may be too good to share...
The tale of one of the most controversial video games of all time.
Kidnapped by cannibals! Raised to eat human flesh!
An All New Height in Fright and Might!
Leave the real world behind
Their past, present and future. All in one night.
Hope is power
You've told me your secret, now I'll tell you mine.
You are there... on man's most incredible journey!
When duty calls, plans change
The Storm Awaits.
God Exists. He Lives in Brussels with his teenage daughter.
No treason, no surrender.
Let the Games Begin
Crazy enough to take on the cops and the mob... Mean enough to whip 'em!
Theirs was the most dangerous mission in history . . . to save the world from total destruction!
Break the story. Break the silence.
Find your voice
They Should Have Left Her Alone
On the board he fought the Cold War. In his mind he fought his madness.
First they made him dangerous. Then they made him mad.
A stirring love tale of Old Spain. Based on the original French version of Prosper Merimee's
She's turning wet dreams... into NIGHTMARES.
Never underestimate a man with everything to lose.
Blood will stain the land.
Nation or self?
Are You old men?
To fit in, genius Charlie Boyle added another side to himself
Get laid or die trying.
Imagine a cop who can read your mind... then blow it away.
Fortunes will be made, lives will be lost.
You'll Laugh, You'll Cry, You'll Puke, You'll Die!
Fear the ones left behind.
Evil walks among us.
Trillions of miles away, the impossible is inevitable.
ALL NEW THRILLS!
Nothing stays buried forever.
Remote. Controlled.
The brought the world to it's knees and a nation to its feets
The shocking true story of one of America‰Ûªs most notorious serial killers.
Deadly Assassins Trained To Kill On Command!
No Body Rest In Peace
It's the Place Where They Invented It!
Their mission was simple... Kill something that couldn't be killed.
A comedy about love, loss and other felonies.
This Town Will Eat You Alive.
DANGER HUNTS THEM! DEATH HAUNTS THEM!
An alien mutilator stalks and kills human prey during the night.
Photographed in Zones of Combat by Men of U.S. Navy
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
WHO KILLED JENNY WREN?
Champion. Hero. Legend. Cheat.
You Will Get a Thrill From MRS. WALLACE REID'S amazing story of the traffic in girls!
5 bedrooms. 4 bath. 12 ghosts.
She stormed the battlements of love and war!
In the old west, men made the rules...and women broke them.
Everyone's dying to play.
The lost girls, suspicious school, and abnormal changes...
33 days of missing, nobody but them believed she's still alive.
Enter at your own risk!
Sometimes You Have to Fall Before You Fly
Three cousins set out to fulfill their Bangalore dreams.
A single gesture. Limitless possibilities.
The master reveals his craft.
12 Hours, 4 Killers, 1 Way Out.
No Matter What They Say
Time is Running Out
He revealed the lie, so we could know the truth
Fear nothing. Risk everything.
The controversial comedy from behind the iron curtain.
The Legend Begins
A mind is a terrible thing to lose.
Sometimes Love Takes a Little Time
The Force Of Vengeance
You Better Watch Out
When His Mind Blows ... Anything Goes!
First There Was ROBOT JOX...
Billy was a kid who got pushed around... Then he found the power.
They want your blood!
His Hands Tear Through Flesh and Bone!
Now something has happened again...
Failure has a new overachiever
Love is the best thing in life...until it's over.
They're back to raise a little terror
Fear will find you.
A Way Of Life
Live your dreams
How can you find Faith when you don't believe in yourself?
Katarina's eyes and mind are opened when listening to the beauty of Mozart.
How far would you go to protect your children?
Some Mysteries Must Be Solved Alone
Disney
Why should true love wait?
The circles of time! Is it possible to escape?
Every underdog has his day.
All the rules have changed.
When sexual fantasies come true.
Sheila Levine is every single girl who has had to attend her younger sister's wedding.
Heavy Metal Goes On Trial
Come die with me.
In Hell... Only your sins can save you...
Keep An Eye Out For Dr. Chaney ... He Needs It!
Uncovering the truth can be lethal.
Every woman knows why the wrong man is irresistible!
Before the SUNRISE, Joshi must catch the elusive figure that destroys the lives of children.
Love is faith... and faith is for ever
BREAK THE CIRCLE...OR MAKE THE ULTIMATE SACRIFICE
Let's play hide and go kill...!
Whenever the cane turned up, someone turns up dead.
Four Erotic tales that take us back through the centuries.
Volunteer work can be a killer.
An adventure of gigantic proportions
A true story of love and injustice.
Growing up isn't the problem... forgetting is.
Two teachers. Ten students. One epic homework assignment.
The price of a man's freedom can cost everything...
The future is a fix.
Life is about knowing how to take a hit.
The good, the bad, and the dead.
The real story behind Lucky Luciano, the high priest of crime
When the war continues to rage in your heart and mind.
Astonishing. Intimate. Definitive.
Killer take alll! If You've got the guts...The gun...And Tthe gold you can make women beg...Men die...And a town crawl
Trap him! Tease him! Throw him in a coffin... But don't get the stranger mad!
Dating can be fatal
He had a wife, two kids, a home of his own, a job with a future and then POOR JIMMY WON THE $24,000 RADIO JACKPOT!
Here comes Mature !
The studio that gave you The Naked City now gives you...
Beware ! These are the eyes of a hypnotist !
Power. Grace. Wisdom. Wonder.
Sometimes redemption is out of reach
Knowing is good. Knowing everything is better.
Sometimes silence is the deadliest sound
These girls are so hot, they need to be put on ice!
His music is legendary. His story is human.
In the shadow of war, one man showed the world what we stood for.
The Musical Event of a Lifetime
Finding it is only the beginning.
Don't ever forget to lock your doors!
One bullet can change everything
Love is Blind. Obedience Shouldn't Be.
She's so hot, you'll need to call 911.
Vengeance is only the beginning...
AN UNEXPECTED JOURNEY. AN UNEXPECTED FRIENDSHIP.
Deadline has a new meaning.
One death isn't enough
Hunt or be hunted.
Prepare to be liberated
A kind of christmas story
"You're Next"
Accepting your true identity is accepting who you are as a human being.
Some things should never be locked away.
It's the most fun you can have!
Death to Reality TV
The clock is ticking.
Death Starts With Life
30 years have passed. It's time to tell their story.
The suburbs are about to get hysterical
The truth can be deadly.
The carnival is anything but fun.
A Young Girl Behind Bars... The Pain. The Abuse. The Revenge.
Survival is no longer a choice
TOPS IN ROMANCE...GREAT IN ITS HILARIOUS COMEDY!!
What are 'friends' for...? Why, for murder, terror, extortion, violence and other profitable enterprises!
On the road. On the run.
Fletcher's inside story - even funnier as a film.
That crazy 'Carry On' team . . . on a tidal wave of hilarity !
There is nothing to be afraid of
A Deadly Mission from the Future
She Left Penthouse Paradise for a Chance at Suburban Bliss
Innocent Co-Ed‰Û_ Or Bride Of The Devil?
They Were Abducted and Violated... but the Worse Was Yet to Come!
She's 250 Pounds of Maniacal Fury!
Fatty, fatty 4X4, can't get in the kitchen door!
A secret campus experiment ... from inmates to classmates ... to playmates ...
Keep up the good work.
Gangsters Don't Surf
Survive at any cost.
When You Get Voted Off This Reality Show... It's For Good!
He's got family, he's got power, but he's got issues
Fighting crime the only way he knows how. Badly.
'You believe in God, I believe in mystery'
Dante's Inferno is Alive and Well
The Excitement of Desperate Youth... Brought Shockingly to the Screen
A woman's touch becomes a man's obsession
From lechery to trechery in one easy blonde.
A Girl in Love Has Enough Problems...
Lights. Camera. Abduction.
In the future, tomorrow may never come
She's seeking Mr. Right now
Falling in love is a fulltime job
Who is the victim?
Survival of the baddest
Whats your emergency?
A fearless life.  A reckless love.
Even if they win, they're lost.
Building the perfect crime!
A Decade of Punk in Washington, DC (1980-90)
The Revolution Will Not Be Organized
They Were Born Innocent ... But They Didn't Stay That Way.
Make Room In Your Heart For A Six-Ton Pet!!!
Now you see them, now you don't...now you die.
Lights. Camera. Terror.
There's nothing more chilling‰Û_ Than a warm family gathering!
If You Think You Know Her, Think Again.
Their All New! All Wild! Full-Length Motion Picture in Technicolor!
The trip of a lifetime.
Don't fall asleep...You may never wake up!
A new dimension of terror.
Prepare to meet a new breed of killers
Blood will tear us apart.
A Year in the Life of Silicon Valley Supernova: Netscape
The Bank Bandits... Gunning a City to it's Knees
He was taken by everyone, for everything he had. All he had left was one obsession. To get even. To pay them back two for one.
Don't break the rules. Change them.
...Let The Blood Of The Dead Inside.
From the astronomy photographer of the year
We've Crossed The Line
Women who make the kind of offer a Cop can't refuse! The public servant who serves ... and serves... and serves...
Thieves, Pimps, Prostitutes, Muggers and Drug Dealers beware. John D'Angelo's out to make his neighbourhood safe. He's declaring his own personal war on crime and he doesn't want your kind around here any more.
Abandoned as a child. Raised by the dark.
Your world is about to be reset.
Everything has a price
He's got to get out, if he's going to get ahead.
We are the endangered species.
One hell of a bank job
It's the race for life
What you see is only half the story
Enter a world of suffering and madness
Abandoned but not forgotten
Suspense around every curve!
The two top mirth makers of all time turn Paris upside down.
On the road with Wikileaks
Fake it 'til you make it.
Face Your Fears
Brothers.  Enemies.  Killers.
Drama/Horror/Thriller
We promised to stay together forever.
Do not feed the Animal.
High-concept idea in the drama seemingly inspired by the tragedy of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake.
Result is everything!
Tower Sky. 108 Stories. Survive at any cost.
An epic journey to save the world...
Buckle up for the ride of your life.
One bad move...kills them all.
A cop makes it his mission to bring down a media hero who has masterminded his own fate.
In the world of tomorrow We have gone extinct
Who Dares Kill The King
An undercover on both sides of the law
Never trust a perfect couple.
Beyond Vengeance
The adventure of a lifetime, in a few mere seconds.
In here‰Û_ everything gets you killed.
One place. One night.
Mind, body, and tortured souls.
Every Move Kills
Grief in his heart, vengeance on his mind
Don't remember... Take it to your grave.
Asia's safest city is about to be tested.
The reluctant psychic.
Running Man
Thou shalt not kill...
One legendary blade will change the destiny of all who wield it.
Spirits Never Forget
Some things are better left top secret.
Are You Ready?
What if you had nothing to lose but your mind?
The rise and fall of Tower Records
The stories are alive.
What I can do for my country I am willing to do
A Back to the Future documentary
A story about virtually everything
A tale of murder, greed, revenge, love and chocolate!
Drama, Thriller
Make the deal to exchange murders?
What doesn't kill you, will try and try again.
Every family has its demons. The truth will possess us all.
Believe the Miracle
Fame is very difficult to control
No one can hold a candle to them...when it comes to uproarious...wholesome fun!
The geeks have inherited the earth...the rest of you just don't know it yet.
Say goodbye to your friends
An Incredible True Story of Strength and Survival
From the directors of OMG - Oh My God!
When life falls apart, friends keep it together
Based on actual events.
When now is all you've got
Taking your life from ambition to meaning
Human. Animal. Tree. Make the Connection.
Trust one, fear the other.
Opportunity rocks where you least expect it.
A terrifying love story.
A Dangerous Love Affair. A Lethal Deception.
Sometimes the only thing more dangerous than hunting down a murderer is... finding him!
Get out undead or alive.
A cross-cultural comedy.
You are what you eat
Sexy Comedy's Back!
Justice. Corruption. Truth.
High school can be murder.
The true story of faith, courage, and survival.
One town. One night. Ten chilling stories.
During an anti-war protest on May 4, 1970, four students are shot and killed at Kent State in Ohio.
Evil is timeless.
Only he knew it was...a time for dying
FROM BEACHHEAD TO BATTLEFRONT! THEY CARRY THE AMMO FOR PATTON'S TANKS!
MURDER was the ONLY way out!
Who is the real Mother of this Child? The woman who gave it life... or the woman who gave it love?
The year's most timely story.
everyone wants a virgin and protects the whole family ...!
My price is death.
Story of a prison farm that gave a convict a gun...and gave him a pardon if he used it!
The first casualty of war is truth
Getting High and Meeting Chicks is All in the Bag.
When the shooting stops... the war begins
I Kill Dead  People
Kids Entertainment, It's Criminal
The first film about the NEXT crisis.
My name is Leo and I have a secret
May the Lord have mercy and grant you a swift death
You can't save them. All you can do is watch.
An incredible world of beauty and terror with a haunting music score by Stevie Wonder.
You'll Never Sleep Alone Again!
Good and evil battle for possession of the innocent!
The Suspense is Sheer Torture in ...
When love is at war.
Every Generation Needs a Voice.
Hope Runs Deep
Solve it.
Adrift in the middle of the Atlantic
She's a lady
Love, Loyalty, and Living Nightmares.
David
Last Train. Full Moon. All Change.
The excitement is in the chase
Pedro
A cop with a secret. A killer who knows it. The game is on.
He wrote to her, about her, and for her.
The Odd Couple Is Back!
Revenge is back in fashion
Caught in the Crossfire
It ain't over 'til he's done.
He's back from the past to pick up the pieces.
Mickey's White Christmas
Mickey to the Rescue!
Fear has a new face.
FIRST FULL-LENGTH WESTERN in 3 DIMENSION!
Play dead.
And . . . for Lovers of the Macabre
There's a thin line between money and friends.
The fear...the nightmare...the terror...they will never forget it!
Ten Suspects. Six Clues. One Killer...
A cruise to hell
In the year 2009, they're your only hope.
A comedy about a kid who goes from the mailroom to the boardroom by improving relations between a mover & a shaker.
See The Sweeping Hand of Death Strike Without Mercy!
A French playboy gets serious when his country is threatened during World War II
Take one dysfunctional family...
East Timor, 1975: Five Journalists Are Missing. One Man Searches For The Truth. One Man Fights For Justice.
This little piggy came home...
In the Bermuda Triangle, nothing stays lost forever
A history of love and ecstasy
He lived only for the flesh and the sword!
Are you now or have you ever been...
A futuristic film of survival
Come out and play.
What Happened to Them Could Happen to You ... In Any City Anywhere!
She was the most famous woman in the world. He was a peasant, a pirate, a shark. What he couldn't buy with money he stole with charm.
Two sisters advertise to get their dad a date...and get a whole lot more.
Rival Sisters. Challenge of a Lifetime. Let the Games Begin!
How far would you go to help your friend?
THE MASSACRE MEN - They carry their hate in their holsters and a name on every bullet in their belts...
All her enemies will be eliminated... but first they will suffer!
Save the last dance... for hell!
No Evil Deed Goes Undone!
My Man
Morning Brings Denials of a Whole Town's Mysterious Night Journey
Love and muscles on a crash course.
Mistress Of A Barbaric Empire - Master Of An Unconquerable Emperor!
HE WAS TEMPTATION to a 1000 and one women!
After the fires of Hades and frenzied attacks by ferocious beasts, there remained only the venom of 'The Witch's Curse'
Terror From The Sky! Earth Attacked From Outer Space!
A new high in horror!
Can the future be saved by the ideals of the past?
It wasn‰Ûªt just big hair that caught her attention‰Û_ it was his big heart.
Based on the true case of a young girl's abduction by her grandparents in Victoria, this tele-movie stars Cameron Daddo as the father desperate to get his daughter back and Jacqueline Bisset as the manipulative grandmother with an interest in the occult.
What goes around, comes around
Peace came from an unlikely place ... within.
Mutants of a nuclear disaster
When the dead first walked, they had no time for appetizers.
Say Your Prayers
Even Legends Need a Hero
A motion picture brilliantly, mysteriously different... as man is to woman!
...the woman who is not quite inexperienced...the man who is not quite a man...the man who is not innocent-
Every dream has it's own rules
The story of an underdog. And his dog.
The message
Undercover on death row...the final contest is about to begin.
HIS time is here and he must carry on the tradition of ruling with vengeance!
Just because you don't believe in ghosts, doesn't mean they don't believe in you!
There is a place The Unexplained calls home
Love is Just An Illusion. Until the Real Thing Comes along
THEY'RE LAFFIN' IT UP!
The Wish Heard Around the World
It takes more than a kiss to "COVER UP" a killing!
Do You Know Where Your Grandmother Is Tonight?
He said he was rich...  She said she was richer...  Even liars fall in love!
Where the prehistoric meets the prepubescent.
Welcome To Death Valley
Classmates
‰ÛÏFather of Indian Unrest‰Û (Bal Gangadhar Tilak)
A simple man enlists the help of his musical-theater friends to woo the lovely girl-next-door away from her music teacher.
An impoverished employee tries to prevent his superiors and employers from marrying his sweetheart.
Can this boy destroy your family?
Classic whodunit
Fight against terrorism!
An emotional story of stone hearted big man
The Heroism of a Villain
The jury finds her innocent... well not too innocent!
Shit just got surreal.
The Musical
Lethal As Can Be
The Hidden Truth
Fun on the run
Why be afraid of Love?
He who kills for his country is called...Soldier
Evil Has A New Home
He's back from the dead with a message from hell!
UNTAMED AND DEADLY, she ruled the swamp with a BLAZING GUN and a LUSCIOUS SMILE
I love you. You love me. But...
Nature has a dark side.
Manuscripts don't burn!
No water. No power. No explanation. No escape.
A comedy you're gonna love
We Stand United
Terror has many faces...
Kurukshetra
A human story
In Search of her brother
Because power and money should not cost the earth
En mystisk historia
Shocking. Beautiful. Brilliant. Sensual. Deadly...and in the end, only they will survive.
New! True! Sensational!
Earth's mightiest man battles moon monsters!
A short film about gender roles, Trans, and what it is like to have an identity that deviates from the status quo.
When she married Jeb Stuart Thompson, she didn't know what was expected of her. Now she knew.
George has a killer new boyfriend.
When love finds you, rules and roles don't apply
Men Held Captive By the Power Of Drugs
The youngest secret agent of all time!
Could she kill and kiss and not remember?
A Shattering Entertainment Experience!
She's just a girl who loves a boy who loves a boy.
Not everyone is meant to be a hero
The forbidden education
All Three of Us
Your legacy is more than a name
A Prince, an ordinary girl. And a very British love story
He quit the gangs. They killed his girl. He became...
Two lives. Changed forever. With just one click.
A serial killer who can see your future, a psychic who can save it
People are dying to get into this movie
MGM's Savage Drama
Sometimes great gifts come in unexpected packages
Everyone thought their glory days were over. Everyone thought wrong.
How far can one man go?
Cold Heart
Against All Odds, One Man Will Make A Stand
The police have the victim, the weapon and the suspect. What they don't have is the Sunday Woman.
A dream...a hero...a champion!
What would you do if you stopped seeing people?
Never make a bet you can't afford to lose.
Death is the only escape
Love happens everywhere. Some love stories only happen in Rio.
What's a Little Murder Amongst Friends
How offshore havens are killing our middle class.
The story of the largest global protest that would change the world forever.
Time to Kill
The Irish Hangover
When in Rome, never do what they do.
My world is ending.
Three visionary directors. One erotic journey.
man is created of 'anxiety'
A little hello can go a long way.
Christmas means comfort, joy and chaos.
Is any girl safe?
A Double Agent in Double Danger!
Under Cover. Under Threat.
I nedd a pick-me-up, which one's Judy's?
The Ornate Lock
He's all man in the ring -- or anywhere!
Every bullet in Chicago had his name on it!
A triumph capturing a culture of champions without medallions
Does the creature we seek live within us too??
The amazing true story of the world's first international super spy
Fame leaves a mark.
It came from another world...
I am much longer in parrots!
There can be no peace without honor and family.
You can't outrun a bullet.
Renegade Justice!
Pitch your tent, dig your grave.
Some may pass the test‰Û_ God help the rest.
Bigger, Faster, Hungrier
There's Gore in Store for the Class of 2004
Half man, Half Shark, Total Terror.
Sons, lock up your fathers... vengeance arrives on... Father's Day!
‰Û_t'was the night before Christmas, and all through the house, not a creature was stirring‰Û_ they were all dead!
Six beautiful girls, trying to get ahead... when the curtains fall, five will be dead.
The plane crash was just the beginning
You'll Laugh All The Way To The Blood Bank!
Halfway between our world... and theirs!
Never Let the Truth Become the Headline
They're the Wildest Characters in All the West!
A PICTURE TO MAKE THE WHOLE WORLD HAPPY!
It's Fun!
Hell's on earth
We Will Re-Adjust You.
Love isn't free.
Every year girls move to the city determined to make their dreams come true ... or die trying.
A Hazardous Search Becomes A Passionate Struggle
The drug lords have the power, the money, the connections. They didn't count on McBain
He's dead on target.
They can clone his body... but can they clone his soul?
Parents get divorced....often it's the children who must cope
Right Person. Wrong Time.
She loved them... and loved them... and loved them... TO DEATH!
The NEWEST and hilarious adventure!
A more wonderful...more magical...more musical entertainment than this - there just isn't!
Vaughn! Venice! Vooom!
hong kong triad
He'll kill you on a moment's notice!
Leave the crime to the criminals
A Son's First Step. A Mother's Second Chance.
This Winter Get Sheepish
Sometimes the cure is deadlier than the disease
A Musical Pilgrimage to The Crossroads
His lasting impact on American comedy & culture
There's a fine line between love and obsession.
For better or worse. Much, much worse.
Nick is a devoted family man. His brother is devoted to The Family.
The only law that matters is gravity
The story of another war more deadly...more destructive...against the world wide opium conspiracy.
Women Warriors as Sensuous as they are Savage. Women Rulers as Passionate as they are Powerful.
Only unmasked kidnappers spell trouble
A Weird, Whacky "Who-dun-it" in a Wax Museum!
Good cops. Bad Attitude.
When Life Knocks You Down, Just Grin and Bear It!
Faith Is Always Sealed
You can't scream and hold your breath at the same time.
What do you see when you close your eyes?
Sometimes at night the person you are laying next to, isn't the same person you went to bed with!
Ha Ì©n ÌÁllat lennÌ©k, nem tartanÌ©k embert a lakÌÁsban...
Have No Fear, It's the Comedy Smash of the Year!
Why always the same story?
The Best Loved of all Musical Adventures!
A dagger through the heart
The battle cry of the South Pacific
The strangest manhunt in the history of crime!
You call her a 'Playgirl'...but this girl plays for keeps!
Was it an Act of Cowardice... or an Act of Conscience?
The Next Generation Of Revolution
For every man and every woman there is that one great love. A love that touches the heart, fires the soul, and lingers in the memory forever.
Love
With A Nuclear Weapon Hitler Would Have Won The War
On the day before he could lose everything
To Restore Harmony, The Bands Must Battle!
A Rare Glimpse Into Bruce Springsteen's Groundbreaking Album, The River
Such close friends... such beautiful enemies...
An Unflinching Look at the Seedy Mafia Underworld
Deliver her from evil.
They can demolish a building, but never remove the past.
Protect Your Own
He's Back Blasting Death And Destruction.
Someone's gonna pay...
The first to die were the lucky ones!
Fast Guns Finish First...Or They're Out. Dead Out!
The battle for victory is ended... but the war for revenge goes on!
We wish you a Murray Christmas.
Narrated by Santa Claus
Danger knows no borders
One nearly forgotten rock legend, six complete unknowns, and only 24 hours to make their dreams a reality.
A comedy about life
BETTY'S EVEN GOT THE PALM TREES SWAYING!
The screen's great lover in a dashing role!
THIS IS CATTLEMAN'S LAND, MISTER...and no man is tough enough to take it away!
Fred bagged the best for his merry 12 million dollar murder mystery!
Death to the wicked
This side is for Birds and Beads, Communal Grooving, Zen Dens, Walking On The Grass... This side is for Law and Alphabetical Order, Button-Down Brains, 5:57 to Rutsville, Keeping Off The Grass...
HE WAS A GOOD MAN...AMONG THE BAD!
Love will build what's ahead.
It was only a matter of time.
Your last scream will be the loudest.
You cannot kill it, you can only survive it
The World will Never be the same.
The end is near.
Monster vs Metal
No peace. No piece.
A DARK MYSTICAL JOURNEY WHERE PASSIONS COLLIDE WITH TECHNOLOGY ON THE EDGE OF LIFE AS WE KNOW IT.
It's never too late.
Hell is real.
Monkey King Hero Is Back
The controversial story of a lone genius who closes down the Las Vegas Strip...
Destruction Reigns
The legitimate behind the scenes story of the man so many women loved
He's a fighting reporter making front page history!
Menace more deadly than
Two men wanted her love ... The third wanted her life !
3 kids accidentally travel 65 million years into the past, are taken in by a dinosaur and must receive a missing piece of their time machine to get home.
Attitude is everything.
This is a true story.
The best last resort
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
They'll be home for Christmas...if only in their dreams.
Classic Albums
Love and dreams are not for sale
Even if someone else has to lose...
The Yellow Metal
He thought of a million ways to kill, and he wanted to try them all...
The Untold Story Behind an Iconic Sci-Fi Franchise
From zero to superhero
If the road never stops, you better keep going.
Men fighting to remain boys.
She's ready to reclaim her story
They're watching...They're waiting...They're back!!!
Turn the page. Start a new chapter.
The Kid is Back!
Family vacations can be tricky.
There's a new girl in town
Revenge comes at a price.
They came in peace but left in pieces.
Redefining clean for a new generation
An American photographer runs into an old flame while on assignment in Paris.
Passion. Decadence. Destruction.
Deep fractures within a family dynamic begin to surface during a getaway to the Isles of Scilly.
Vengeance runs in the family.
Long time no Z
There's a wasteman on every street!
Coming of age story of the 13-year old boy who falls in love with an older girl who wants to become a model.
Four men, sixteen mustangs, three thousand miles.
Human fangs ripping throats - no sawdust can soak up the torrent of blood!
Welcome to the party
The Fated Battle of the Three Swords
The woods have a secret
Her nightmares come when she's awake.
One man's leg is another man's treasure.
Everything you trust. Everything you know. May be a lie...
Scandal. Intrigue. Sacrifice. Spectacle.
Bullets. Blood. Bingo.
When dreams go crash -- you can build a new life!
If you can't beat 'em ... drive 'em crazy!
JOSEPH WAMBAUGH'S DONE IT AGAIN. But he has never done it like this.
No gun. No knife. No equal.
What if there is more to this world than we know? What if OzLand really exists, and that's where everybody is?
of One Fold and One Shepherd
They thought he was dead. he was just COOLIN' off
Maps will guide your way but hope will take you anywhere.
They're Not Working For Santa...Anymore
It started as a game...
FÌ_r Immer Ferien
Man - Small World. World - Giant Man.
‰Û_Invaders of the Jade Tombs!
When the dead come out to play.
Tupla-Uuno
He's after more than just milk and cookies.
Way shadier than gray.
He's deep in danger...deeper in love...in the Top Thrill Show of the Year!
YOU CAN'T RESIST IT!
It's all heart and thrills!
Jimi Plays Monterey
Legendary performances come along so rarely.
The stories that made up America and the history that America made up.
A Comedy of Substance
The truth is indecent
Three aliens come to Earth to discover the true meaning of Christmas.
When you love someone you can't just throw it away
An Incredible Family Odyssey Of Hope And Dreams
In the end, only one thing can save her.
Chronicles of everyday life in Iraq before and after the U.S. invasion.
Some things were never meant to be.
Welcome to Summer Camp.
Choose your Daddy
Big sisters don't always know best.
Come spend the night in Singapore's red-light district
Sometimes all you need is a little time.
The amazing story of Santa in big trouble... And his exciting rescue by the daring ice cream bunny ... It's breath-taking, fun for all.
Grab destiny by the rice dumplings.
Running for you
A girl hated by the sun ... A miracle given by the night
These boys will leave you in stitches!
First Love Agency: at your service 24/7
4th Period Murder Mystery
Who dreams about you?
You Can't Lose What You Never Had
Mr. Casanova, please seduce my wife.
She's making a list. and checking it twice...
She's a Work in Progress.
This Christmas, expect the unexpected.
It crashed out of the sewers... now there's hell to pay!
...All things are possible
KARLOFF PETRIFIES THEM!
Back in the days of the Roman Empire, a small donkey is born with VERY long ears, that keep getting him into trouble...
Finally, a classic not suffering from overexposure
The man the Gestapo hates!
You are what you pretend to be
Still in Grad School
A deadly game only one can survive
Do you know where your going to...Do you like the things that lifes is showing you?
Who says money can't buy love?
The rest are dead...
There's only two rules in Barefoot County--Love thy neighbor and do unto others!
Greed. Revenge. Redemption.
A monster statue of bronze and stone...A fabulous fortress 20 stories tall!
Who can refuse good luck?
Luck Always Runs Out.
A Motion Picture As Unusual As The Roles of Its Academy Award Winning Stars!
The true story of a life changing passion
A  first-time teacher makes a difference in the lives of homeless children
They spoke her name in whispers
Unearthed. Uncensored. Unleashed! The most shocking film you've never seen!
The wild, weird world of the Beatniks!...Sullen rebels, defiant chicks...searching for a life of their own! The pads...the jazz...the dives...those frantic "way-out" parties...beyond belief!
Love can be a healer but it can also be the most powerful and destructive force on Earth.
More HEADS! More DEADS!
Asia's erotic phenomenon!
Obsession Leaves A Mark.
Revenge was never sweeter!
The Next PRETTY-MUCH-PERFECT Installment in the Best-selling Stand-up Comedy Series
Seven of the funniest Christian Comedians on earth, and hosted by Tim Conway.
30 days. 678 games. 10,000 miles! Are you game?
Desire Never Gets Old
-
Totally Energized
De nieuwe truitjes
Max sells trophies, but is much more interested in dancing than in selling
The Ultimate Hidden Terror
Bloody lovely.
A romantic comedy about NOT falling in love
TWO-FISTED DRAMA!
Romance under Fire!
A Man's Courage and a Woman's Faith Put to the Supreme Test
Let the Best Species Win
An unusual and colorful western with music and a beautiful background.
On the trail of justice.
No one could stop them.
That's one big ass shark!
In this club nobody plays by the rules.
Right between the eyes is where it hits you . . . Boysie Oakes is DEADLIER than the most dangerous spy !
No evidence, no crime
A Culinary Comedy
Two ex-factory workers hijack their former manager in his own luxurious villa in an effort to force him to pay damages. When the manager's mistress shows up, things start to get out of hand.
Magic still exists ...
A young girl witnesses the moral dilemmas of free love when her parents join a squatter community in 1970s Amsterdam.
In every child there is a doubt...
The Rise and Fall of Tony T
Escaping the pervasive bourgeois stodginess of the time.
Comedy
His orders : "Kill or be killed!"
A horror film with guts!
Evil comes from within
THRILLING SEA DRAMA!
Cool Cat is Cooler than Barney the Dinosaur
Geek vs Chic. Beauty vs Beast. Downtown vs Uptown.
Never underestimate two girls with a plan.
A journey into darkness
A Story Sadder Than Sadness
His Brain Is Off The Chain
One Hope. One Truth. One Way (John 14:6)
Faith. Redemption. Survival.
In this lake you have to fight to survive
Caged to kill.
We'll see you there
A black party. Shots and repression. A crippled generation.
Everyone comes here looking for a way out
Real big shots with a real gun
I look white... I married white... Now I must live with a secret that can destroy us both!
Creepier than Jack the Ripper
Not just a story, a world.
What if only one star can shine?
This new year make your best move
An incredible tale of terror and suspense... above and below the sea.
An ancient curse has turned their lives into a nightmare of lust and revenge.
Face Your Fears
Champion Your Destiny
A critique of the romantic Portuguese society of the nineteenth century.
The partisans of 20th D are drinking here. All disturbers will be shot, except the waiters
Colton MacReady...is coming home.
The woman of the year... the witch of all times!
A shocking woman... a shocker of a story!
She starts where Emmanuelle left off
Beyond Hope, Beyond Regret, Beyond Salvation
Anything Is Possible
How do you kill something that's already DEAD!
72 Hours On The Clock. Starting Now...
Thirsty for Justice, She'll Settle for Blood.
Chained for 100 years in a sunken tomb!
Kick people, stomp people, crush people. It's disgustingly real.
Her first mistake was getting into the car.
Trapped Between Infidelity and - The Deep Blue Sea
Revenge is its own executioner
This beautiful game isn't life or death... it's more important than that.
From Mark Twain's iconic books
Based on a true conspiracy theory
In the end we all worship something.
A toast to the exploited!
The battle of the children to rescue their mother from her Italian love affair.
200 MPH. 24 Hours. 1 Race.
Drama that happens around you everyday - when the wild life of impetuous youth burns away age-old barriers!
Sex Kittens who stop at nothing
The Story of Star Wars Toys
Deception by design.
All around the world, solutions exist
Private Connor reporting for duty!
Romantic drama about a health club manager and a sales executive who meet and start up a friendship on their daily commute. But could they ever be more than friends?
Every man for himself
Why was everything more fun back then?
All high school girls out there you are a little too obnoxious so we decided to reduce your numbers.
Insert Coin. Blow Your Mind.
Excitement! Thrills! Suspense! will grip you like never before!
This is true! This is real! This actually happened!
LIKE NOTHING YOU HAVE EVER SEEN!
Where hope goes to die.
Shoot, Cut, Stay Alive
On the trail of Aspen tail.
Solidarity activists prepare a bravura heist, taking out 80 mln from a union bank account just before it is blocked by communist authorities.
In the age of Aquarius the twins Julian & Jackie share everything - Love, men and murder
Two investigators in the worst crime scene: war.
Nobody is Immune to Fear!
Men Of Action Blaze A Trail Of Love And Lead As Law And Order Comes To The Old West!
A hoodlum look-alike assumes the identity of a noble man.
"A great kid!" "A great bet!" "A great show!"
There's Danger! Terror! Mystery! With a Killer on the Loose!
The Worldy Story of Three Deadly Females and the Men in Their Lives!
The motion picture above all!
in all its natural beauty and COLOR!
An Exotic Beauty Rules The Jungle !
Beyond The Story of O!
A father. A son. And the universe between them.
Lots of people work the graveyard shift, policemen, waiters, taxi drivers... vampires
After 300 years they are back.
It's Power is in Your Hands!
The Family Movie You've Been Waiting Ages For!
The most action packed Deathstalker yet!
Out of legend rides one man with an invincible sword!
Be careful what you dream...it might just come true.
They were kidnapped by their biggest fan
Bear to be different
The brothers-in-law are back
Chapter One: Maggie Meets John
The revolution is my boyfriend
Justice runs in the family
She purrs like a kitten..makes love like a siren. This side of the pacific, she is the meanest, deadliest and sexiest secret agent.
Flesh ripping weasels
A small town with big problems.
Documentary
Lust Greed Betrayal
Beautiful Women! Silver-Masked Men! Deadly Windmills! Karate Killings! Lethal Oriental Vases!
Why do warm-blooded beauties suddenly turn to stone?!
A bold look at 70's blaxploitation films.
Win or lose, always aim high
170,000 Refugees, 488 Flights, 59 Days, 1 Man
There's More To The Legend Than Meets‰Û_ The Throat!
Ella pensÌ_ que podÌ_a estar sola... se equivocÌ_
'The best little brothel in Nevada'
Some secrets are better left buried
Class Dismissed
The End Begins Here
A Timeless Journey
What if you could have the perfect child?
Where Pride Began
Man is the true monster
The Space War to Decide the Fate of All Mankind!
India's First 3D Dance movie
Look Fate in the Face
The meeting place is Odessa
Respect isn't earned. It's stolen.
Small town. Big heart.
It's better to light one candle than curse the darkness.
Crowdfunding, Crowdsourcing, Bottle Koozies.
The human side of the digital revolution.
Send the boys in... and may God forgive me
Time for ho-mantic
Behind every smile there's a story
A story worth a half billion euros.
Every child needs to feel loved.
Hope lives
Warm Blood Isn't All They Suck!
On Judgement Day, Hell Shall Inherit The Earth.
Welcome to the Ku Klux Klan, American Nazi Party and David Duke
A Woman who could not be tamed!
The first kill is the hardest.
The music biz owns you from the label to the grave.
Mankind's darkest hour needs our brightest team.
Last Hippie Standing Marcus Robbin Goa Gil Cleo Odzer
We all need love.
Their Faith Became Their Freedom
Witness the manhunt that changed the course of human history
Life is good at Hollywood High.
These men are in... for the crime of their lives.
Witness one girl's dream take flight
It was never meant to be opened.
This is Jason. He's a little worried about his grandpa.
She's got to cut it... or cut out.
Invincible...Indestructible! What was this awesome BEAST born 50 million years out of time?
The Stepford Wives Return With a Vengeance...
A determined young virgin is on the loose...
32 survivors, room for 12.
Death is trending.
America's children lay it on the line.
Mafalda es una niÌ±a excepcional, ya que su curiosidad, visiÌ_n del mundo y consciencia existencial son mas amplias que las de casi todos los seres humanos.
Survival is a word... This is its story!
A parody of a tragedy
Somebody told the black man he wasn't a slave anymore. Somebody told the red man this land was his. Somebody lied. Somebody is going to pay.
Small girl. Big imagination. Massive adventure.
The darkness will reveal the truth.
No retreat. No surrender.
Sometimes, all you need is an adventure
It Turns Rednecks Into Deadnecks.
Hope never quits
The Untold Story of Nat Turner
A love story for everyone
Never trust a stranger.
Love Will Find the Way
More than a movie, it's a happening.
Perfect Love Casts Out Fear
A true story of global disaster... it just hasn't happened yet
All the greatest love stories...are between strangers
#LiveBoldly
Some love breaks outside the boundaries of sanity.
He's a cop. From the future. The future of space.
A Legend is Born
A Celebration of being human in a technological age
An electrifying LIVE television event!
The Campaign Begins
Two Children. Two Adults. One Unspeakable Crime.
You are humanity's last stand
If you gonna tell a story, come with some attitude.
The past returns with a vengeance.
The Code on the Street is Never Black & White
The battle for eternity begins
Fear Gave Her Courage
The incredible true story of gold medal champion Jesse Owens
Love needs no words
Monsters come in many forms.
The world's leaders have assembled. So have their enemies.
Welcome to the urban jungle.
From the headlines to the front lines
Before he was the savior, he was a child.
t's what everyone's looking for
Behind every hero is an embarrassing sibling
What's your safe word?
Help is on the way. If you live that long.
At Last, Their Epic Story Invades The Big Screen!
A safari of laughs with the Carry On Gang!
The Carry On team serve up another 'prescription' of hilarious comedy!!!
Who is going to die on such a beautiful day?
The holiday of a laughtime!
When these girls raise hell... there's the devil to pay!
A Celebration of Feeling, Loving, Wanting, Killing, Hearing, Tasting, Touching, Living
Love Is Insatiable
He's Her Work In Progress
Are you scared yet?
Die in Silence.
Evil never dies......
In the world of underground dueling the only rule is to survive
A couple of new variables
Thrills! Chills! Laughs!
The world's only penis museum has every animal specimen except one
The Only Act of Its Kind in the World. For Sale.
An Epic Tale of Love & Scrifice
No one is laughing now.
Ambition can be deadly
If you think waste is someone else's problem... Think again
Their Mating Game is a Riot!
It's not just in your mind.
We are the stories we tell.
The verdict that no one saw coming.
Karan and Priya Share a secret Raj wants to know the secret.
Only accidents don't kill.. drive carefully.
The Melody of Life
Sometimes you just leave it to God...
Do You Want To Know The Secret...?
An Incredible Tale
Their latest laughter operation!
Where the path to heaven meets the road to hell.
Who You Fear Is Already Inside
Part of Mary's soul has been ripped from her body.
With Oceans of Laughs!
Terror has 8 legs.
It feeds on fear.
Ride the next wave in terror.
HE PREYS ON HUMAN FLESH!
The hunt is on. You're the Prey.
First Comes The Slither, Then Comes The Slaughter.
There is no antidote.
Pure Evil. Pure Terror. Pure Venom.
The greatest danger to the mission is already on board.
Tim has a pet rattlesnake. When Tim gets mad - Stanley gets deadly!
When the moon rises, the howling begins.
They Feed On Greed
Death Cannot Be Rewritten
She's sexy... venomous... and she'll swallow you whole...
Something you wouldn't dare to believe is alive!
They're the wildest of the wild ones!
You can't run from what's inside.
Back to back on the mean streets
You Choose Your Family
A loud tale of ambition, loyalty and rock'n'roll
Tammy takes over an intern... lock, stock and bandages!
Snooty Debutante! Wild Mountaineers! Uppity Millionaire! Tammy hilariously teaches them the facts of life..and love!
Struggling artist fakes his own death so his works will increase in value.
Are we all brainwashed? Or have we lost our minds?
She was lonely. He was all she had. No-one would take him from her - and live...
Save the Universe From Yourselves or You're Fired
Part muse. Part sleepwalking cannibal.
Una Mezcla que atrapa
One of the greatest german postwar Comedies
Ben's career is really taking off!
A portrait of one American region's descent into darkness.
You can't choose your family.
An inspiring true story about love, family and following your dream.
How many movies did Roger Corman make that never got released? One.
Masti mein hum sab ke baap lagte hain
Dark desires unleash the legions of lucifer!
The truth can be fatal
They're turning the American Dream into a Nightmare!
Monsters vs Machines
The battle for mankind will not be on earth
A Documentary About YouTubers
True love is where you will find your true north
She was Curious. She was Eager. She couldn't find any Satisfaction.
Avinash comes to a city where everyone wants to kill him.
Can love call back the dead?
No ordinary game!!!
Supernatural Terror
The dead come back
Extremely Dangerous!
The sky's the limit!
The Science
54 men trapped behind enemy lines. . .One man who didn't know how to help. . .Another who didn't want to. . .And the greatest escape ever.
The forbidden lines
A thriller that will drive you crazy
What If You Can See the Future?
Run
Violence Beyond Escape
The mud, the music, the mayhem.
Oil City is 100% Pure Below Sea Level, Canvey Island Noir
What happens when a Peruvian, a Chilean and a Argentinean get together?
Nature just got gangster
Prepare for extinction
This Beach is Killer
The Forgotten Hero
Liar liar, love's on fire
Christmas is a time for friends and family and unexpected visitors.
Love Takes Over
Every hour, every minute, every second... counts.
Underworld Badshah
In a nameless city, deluged by a continuous rain, three rabbits live with a fearful mystery.
Merel, a talented young girl, is suddenly getting bullied at school.
A composition of symbolic, surreal and almost mystic images.
A film by Saint Etienne about London.
Francis Bacon
7 Impacts by 7 Directors
The Guatemalan Handshake
The Water Stirs
Elena's Elegy
A Grimm Musical Fairytale
How far will you go for the one you love...
Love never dies.
The King Of Theatre
The Touch is the total expression of love.
A drama following stories of characters from the Portuguese High Society.
Freedom is the greatest adventure
There's two kinds of folks in the town of purgatory. Vampires and lunch.
Half Human... Trapped In A Bubbling Cauldron Of Terror!
Drama
He's a Kung Fool Fighter!
When the bell rings, it's time to go to hell!
Not all Canadians are polite.
Two desperate filmmakers began a documentary about a cannibalistic-serial killer. What follows is their actual footage.
A Love Story
This winter... party in a club... that is more than drinks and dance...
Watch love crash in this season.
The evil of the past has found its place in the present
Follow your heart. No matter what.
First she loves, then she kills- Then she goes out and collects the next victim!
Our greatest desire is to be known.
The last patient
SHOCK AFTER SHOCK... in manhunt for Las Vegas thrill-killer!
World's Most Beautiful Bait!
You Live Every Adventure Known to Man ... When You Dare to Cross ...
The Wrestlers
Story of three Lottas
We just wanted to bring our friends home.
Past Predator, Present Alien, Future Terminator
Sometimes diamonds are not a girl's best friend.
This Halloween, Hell Comes Knocking
A Mumbai don tries to find an honest man to marry his younger sister.
Some lines should never be crossed...
Ranjit, who makes fun of idiots, gets completely annoyed when he invites a tax inspector and a singer to his house.
So when do you know it's love?
A story about two guys... a girl... and one little lie. Believe it!
...In Search of Heaven
Do you think plants could have souls?  That we might even be able to talk to  them?
Vengence is Back
See you in my nightmares
A breathtaking spectacle of wild splendour and fury
When desire and obsession are beyond words.
The extreme psychotic break these people experience is commonly referred to as "flipping out"
A world under attack.  A hero battling to change destiny.
He is Special
IT'S A HYBRID OF HORROR
When the Moon is Full... Beware of the Curse!
The hunt is on.
Delve into the gritty world of child labor and human trafficing on cocoa plantations
8x10 Tasveer
A theme that has thrilled audiences all over the world - now terrifyingly set forth.
One man's part in mankind's greatest adventure
It's diabolical! It's daring! It stalks, it cuts, it rips!
Blend in!
Past And Present Meets In This Land Of Turmoil!
Husbands will say sorry ... Wives will say thank you!
'A Journey of Dreams'- Courage, Determination, Destiny
Possession is Back
The story of two bands, one girl and a night they will never forget.
2,000 Years Ago We Call Them Angels. Today We Call Them Aliens.
Will you choose to be what you had no choice in being...
A fun fair behind the dikes
A surreal world you may never wake from.
Fantastic Pedal Blimps Fly The Skies! - Four-Footed Machines In Incredible Sea Battle!
The dreams of a young virgin...
The story of a political system that was laughed out of existence.
Becoming a Comedian. Becoming a Director. Becoming a Filmmaker.
The war on terror has many casualties.
Falling in love and living to tell her tale.
An elite military team. Sent back in time. They will not return... Alone.
You're no blue blood any more, honey. The master bought you...and now he's waitin'!
He crowded a lifetime into 37 suspenseful hours!
It's Their Planet Now!
Only desire is stronger than love
Life is beautiful, but I get married on Sunday!
They said it would take an army to get the mob out of Harlem. THIS IS THE ARMY! THIS IS GORDON'S WAR!
The War Within
The BOSS is here.
Everything comes full circle.
Das Leben nach dem Goldrausch
Cross his line...Pay the price.
When a Girl Comes Face to Face With Her Infinite Desire
Life seems great.
Bodies Racked by Unspeakable Tortures! Captive Girls Used for Experiments in Lust! This Movie Shows What Freud Only Hinted At! Strictly ADULT Film Fare!
Hatred Was His Way Out
A lost father. A 30 year old conspiracy. A daughter's journey to uncover the truth.
They all talk, fight and love just one way....Dirty!
An adult happening in psychedelic color!
And she likes what she sees.
Chuckin Frazy
Every Hand Has A Thumb...
A story of Thumbs. A story of love. A story of a very poorly steered ship.
Planes, trains and automobiles . . .
The last of the bodyguards hunts for the final assassin.
There's no such thing as coincidence. Everything is meant to be. One thing leads to another. Always...
What price are you willing to pay?
Intoxicating
Together they discover every way to love
Terror at 35,000 feet, and falling.
Fear for your soul
Disco will never be the same again
They Know Who You Are...
Watch The Skies... And Run
He's Coming To Get You!
Shocking beyond belief
From Sweden... A totally new concept in artistic motion pictures for adults!
Truth is the sharpest weapon
Long Live The Antipodes!
Joe Fulton can fix anything.
She asked for it‰Û_
This is his story.
The heart of a Warrior.  The Fight of his Life
LOOK WHO'S BABY-SITTING! Leo's playing "Mother" to a missing heir worth millions!
An unsurpassed wilderness adventure of three strange friends...a rugged man, a huge bear, and NIKKI - fighting king of a majestic breed!
Alone . . . he faced the deadly crossfire of a killer mob . . . and a fear-crazed town!
Who will be crowned King of the Surf?
THE WONDROUS Mysteries of Nature Brought to the Screen for the First Time in a Motion Picture You Will Never Forget!
Now she is yours...the matchless...the shameless beauty who lives forever as The Naked Maja!
Shudder through your laughter at the gayest, goofiest manhunt since Abbott and Costello convulsed the screen!
What They Do in Public Will Shock You...What They Do in Private Will Boggle Your Mind!
A lullaby for the champion
Open Love. Hidden Hate
All Stars 2 Old Stars II
An elegy for Europe
Three days that shook the world or much ado about nothing?
Szaffi
Moved to tears in 8 minutes
His Bad Day is Now Your Bad Day
The Game Will Possess You
Dark truths will come to light.
Let the Adventure Begin!
Three Lives Ripped Savagely Apart
Vengeance with a difference
Blood Hurts!
Half Fish, Half Human, 100% Assassin
Survival is a Choice.
Only revenge is sweeter than blood.
Eighty-six floors of action-packed terror!
A sensational collection of real-life sexual fantasies from the Master of Erotica.
Fast! Fantastic! Fun! Nothing can stop him!
A movie about horror that homosexual couples are going through.
I'm your new babysitter
It started as a game. Campers against counselors. It turned into a nightmare, that became a revolution.
When it comes to Beauty Queens - It's 'Carry On' and Bust!
There are ghosts in this town.
Fifteen is going to turn a corner. It has to.
Beauty is vicious.
There are a lot of ways this world can hurt you
There is no way back for Lost Souls
One way ticket to an unknown world
Born A Beast, To Be Human
All is fair in love and murder.
Courage. Valor. Booty.
The Master Ninja is Back.
A provocative modern tale of love and sex
On December 21st, 1970, two of America's greatest recording artists met for the first time.
A daring blood and guts expose of dope, violence and crime...loaded with hot lead and hot heads!
Fear Is Power! You Want Your City -- Fight For It!
Welcome to the new front line
Beyond The Game.
The camera sees what it sees.
Welcome to France.
Demons are a girl's best friend
You won't believe what awaits you under the waves!
Tied by blood. Bound by lies.
He's Been Watching You
Be Careful Who You Get Close To
Growing up is an adventure
The Future of War is Here.
You can't outrun family
She's not ready to act her age
From now on, we are not skipping school. And you will do your homework!
Kill them. Kill them all.
A quite place in the country, where reality and fantasy are too close
It's their Funniest Fightin-est Film!
He Had the Lightest Touch in a Heavy Town.
Raft at his roughest tangles with a dame at her deadliest!
THE CHILLS WILL ELECTRIFY YOU When The Bowery Boys Meet The Monster.
The dirty dolls of devil's island. You can meet them for a price!
No animals were harmed in the making of this movie. 70 members of the cast and crew were.
They make a killer couple.
The Fun Starts as Soon as You're Seated!
It's Film School in a Box!
Readin'... Writin'... Radiation... Again!
The story of Mike Tyson... not the boxer.
There's No Place Like Home
Nothing haunts like the past
When Night Falls, Fear The Light.
Someone who hacks personal devices to stalk their victims' lives.
Heroism runs deep.
Either one dies...all they all do.
An Eye-And-Ear Blowing Trip Into Weirdsville USA
He Is Back!
How do we explain the impossible?
It Takes An Outsider To See The Truth Inside.
Meet Sugar Hill and her zombie hitmen... The mafia has never met anything like them!
How do you put a price on a dream?
Destiny can lead to dangerous places.
Fear will find you
America Becomes a Nation
I married you to destroy you!
The biggest thing since creation!
She's not afraid of the big bad wolves.
People may say I couldn't sing, but no one can say I didn't sing
The most important political, post-military junta satire about the nation, the religion, the education, the family.
An unmarried couple in the strict Greek society of the 60s.
A horror film that will stiffen you with laughter!
I am a Virgin
You Stop You Die
All He Wanted Was A Friend.
A First Nations girl, a wolf and a violin ‰ÛÒ and the magic of music.
People change. Greeks don't.
Love is instramental
Red or blue?
Love is a waiting game
It isn't about the winning. It's the never taking part that counts.
Friendship can be fishy.
Satan has chosen his victims. The battle with evil has begun.
The Story of Buddha
The battle for the perfect cup is on.
The story of Hank Williams
Graduating was the easy part
Stay Home. Lock Up. Don't Breathe.
For the girl of his dreams, he'd make a deal with the devil.
Kitten, please.
political thriller, Macedonia
Do your 'wurst...
The story of Google's most ambitious project ever and the people who tried to stop it.
They have the right to remain violent.
The Secret History of Soviet Space-Age Electronic Music
...The King of Techno
How the West was One
Every house has a past
A lady never reveals her tactics.
In every war there are those who kill... and those who make a killing!
What happens after the horror movie?
Your future is in their hands.
HORROR stalking its halls!
He's gone... Beyond nutty. Beyond wacky. Beyond zany!
King of the wild beasts against king of wild horses!
She took another woman's place on her wedding night!
Sumptuous portrayal of sensuous society in the perfumed fragrance of Park Avenue and Paris boudoirs.
Chained to a woman he feared!
A Gale of Laughs!
Which House? Witch House.
Madder Than Daffy, Dumber Than Donald, More Existential Than Howard!
Barolo Boys. The Story of a Revolution
The justice will get it
A Revolution in Human Consciousness
Ye who enter abandon all hope
Death from the depths
London is not going to know what hit it!
A Documentary Portrait of the King of the B's
If there are mountains let's climb them. If there are buildings let's jump off them.
An indecent affair, a daring love of a lifetime
RIOTOUS ROMEOS! CUCKOO CASANOVAS!
Nora Ephron: Scripted & Unscripted
What does cinema know that we don't?
Four short legs, one huge heart
Ninety-Six Hours to Crack His Last Case  ...His Time's Already Up!
THE CARDS ARE STACKED...WITH LAUGHS!
How Far Would You Go To Understand The True Nature Of War
THE SINNER who became a DEVIL SMASHER!!!
WHEN CRIMSON LIPS SPELL SUDDEN DANGER
Everyone has a fix.
A Story of the Ku Klux Klan
Sensational Expose Of "Miracle Racket"!
A Stage Show and Love Story Too Big for Any Stage... Only Screen could Bring Them To You!
AMAZING! TIMELY! THRILLING!
As Co-Pilots... They're Co-Riots! They've got the whole Army Air Corps in a sky-high uproar... and sweeping the nation in fun-formation!
IT'S THE Daffiest, Happiest SLEIGH RIDE YOU'VE EVER BEEN TAKEN ON!
They're Selling Vacuum Cleaners!
World War 3.0
Here for a good time not a long time
It's her car. Don't tell her what to do with it.
Boy meets girl. Girl unimpressed. Boy starts band.
Fiery heart, fiery mind
Sight
The most riotous night club kings you've ever seen!
THEY'VE GOT THOSE "JAIL-BOID" BLUES! Leo talked them into the big house...but even Huntz can't clown his way out!
THEY'RE THE DAFFIEST DRAFTEES IN HISTORY!
SO HILARIOUS! IT'S CRAZY ENOUGH TO MAKE EVEN A HORSE LAUGH!
Gobs of Fun!
THEY'RE LOADED FOR LAUGHS...WITH BOMBS AND BLONDES!
They're a RAZZLE DAZZLE RIOT as COLLEGIATE CUT-UPS!
They're Plane Crazy!
You'll Blow Your Gasket howling at these dizzy whizzes of the racing world!
YOU'LL YOCK An YOWL...AS THOSE HALF-WIT HAWKSHAWS GO ON THE PROWL FOR A MISSING BLONDE MINX IN MINK!
A Zany Laff Spree IN GAY PAREE!
Abracadabra!...They're Insultin' The Sultan's Babes!
They're on the trail of those CRAZY HOT ROCKS!
What A BALL! What A BRAWL! Those half-baked lowbrows crash the upper crust!
YARD-BOIDS in a GILDED CAGE!
Behind The LAFF CURTAIN!
FRANTIC FUN IN FABULOUS LAS VEGAS! Stacked and Packed with LAFFS!
Angels. Lovers. Victims. Killers. Buddies... Women.
Some nightmares you don't wake up from
Love is sticky.
They say it only takes 2 hours...
Two feuding worlds. One woman's voice.
Love Killed Her Soul, Her Body Seeks Revenge...
Back with a vengeance...
A catastrophic call that changed his life forever.
If you ever left me, I'd tear my heart out and never put it back
The story before Snow White
New neighbors.
Frozen in the ice for thousands of years... the beast has finally awoken
A Teddy Road Movie
The only way to escape the silence is to scream
Last summer they were pets. Now they are predators.
Terror Over Texas!
Queen Of The Gold Rush!... She tamed the Toughest men in the Yukon!
Radio's master of mystery... in his most thrilling case!
LOVABLE OR LETHAL? Are they bad seeds...or frightened innocents caught in a diabolical duel with death!
It Happened In This Universe A Long Time Ahead, The Year 2118...
Every man has his price... and every woman pays it.
The extraordinary story of an extraordinary spy
What's a little sex between friends you've known all your life?
They Come in the Toilet
The lucky ones simply got their brains blown out.
A partially thorough portrait of New Yorker cartoonists
Bad cops make the best criminals
A Scientific Curiosity That Sparked a Revolution
Silence can be killer
Ralph Bakshi, creator of "Fritz the Cat" and "Heavy Traffic" brings you the outrageous '50s the way they really were.
Welcome To Our Planet
Filmed with the NAKED FURY of fact!
5 days surviving in the wild. This time he might not be alone.
Not too light, Not too Dark
What you see isn't necessarily what you hear.
There is an intruder. It's you.
Those who did not believe in the voodoo curse never lived to tell!
It Only Takes One Choice To Change History.
You gotta have a woman in every room in Honeymoon Hotel
A Super-Natural for laughs!
Half Dinosaur, Half Sea Monster, All Trouble
GUN-LAW FEUD GRIPS THE OLD SOUTHWEST!
REACH FOR THE SKY, STRANGER!
A flaming filming of the U. S. Caalry in the saddle against Indians on the warpath!
Some Live to Climb. They Climb to Live.
Terror Beyond Comprehension
A mysterious town. A deadly secret.
Women in sables!  Men in white!
No. 5: The Case of the Cancelled Wedding
They survived the second World War, now they must survive the cleanup
When love is young
His Great New 1941 Thrill Drama!
Find the Blonde and Get the Gangster!
Fame. Fortune. Tragedy.
You learn a lot in the streets.
Beware the beast within.
The just kidnapped the wrong victim.
They are watching
Experience The Year 2000...And Hope To Hell You Can Escape!
Where there's a Bumstead...there's always trouble and fun!
World's biggest superstar got the universe's biggest fan!
Verbrechen lohnt sich wieder
What does it take to prove the impossible?
Is losing the weight worth losing your friends?
You can betray your country but not your heart.
All New Adventure
The Unabomber, LSD and the Internet
Ausgezeichnet mit 6 Ottifanten
Being wild got him in. Being a hero got him out.
Your vacation is about to end!!!
A Very Funny Car.
We all live in a house of candy...
It all began 14 years ago
From the sensual world of Harold Robbins comes the story of a woman's struggle for fame in Hollywood.
The end of triangle
Not every conspiracy is a theory.
God may forgive you, but she never will.
They ooze. They slime. They kill.
His life just got put on paws.
Picture. Evil.
I propose a game to you...
Over 20 Holiday Songs
The spotlight's not for everyone.
Everybody's back for a fresh cut
Let your heart decide.
Who Can You Trust With The Truth?
The Decade That Changed The World
Escape is just a nerve-shredding scream for salvation!
They Make It Every Night
HARD RIDERS! Mounted on Burning Steel! ... with only their leathers between THEM and HELL!
They Can't Wait For Their Next Hot Date
Some bronze, others burn.
Shame and pride can kill
An unforgettable journey she probably won't remember.
A party to die for
It's one killer party!
Yugoslav Space Program: Myth Or Reality?
Watch your assets
Everyone has three lives: a public life, a private life and a secret life
With law comes disorder
It's HER turn now!
Based on the incredible true story.
Why so angry?
The World Without Memory.
Death is just the beginning
The hunt for the truth in competitive tickling
See the Magic Lamp...The Genie...The Magical Entertainment
The story of a wandering mathematician obsessed with unsolved problems.
All Jonathan wanted was somebody to love.
There will be bud!
It can seduce your soul
It's time to face the music
I lay my vengeance upon them.
Whoever you are, you're in this picture! Because this tells of youth's challenge to grown-ups who can't understand!
Never steal from a thief
The most WANTED picture of the year!
The Hot Rod Gang meets the...GHOST of DRAGSTRIP HOLLOW!
Best. Heist. Ever.
You can't escape the wilderness within.
An elite U.S. Special Forces team is imprisoned behind enemy lines. The Pentagon calls them expendable. Five young heroes call them Dad. Now they'll risk everything to bring them home.
All New High Adventure!
When you fight the past, the past fights back.
Don't muck around with a Green Beret's Mama! He'll take his chopper and ram it down your throat!
The New Master Race!
Well, If You Know Me...
Strictly no rules
Risk everything.
Small miracles can change the world
When what makes you feel most alive is killing you.
Be Brave. Be Bold. Be Free.
Celebrate the one day that connects us all
No reporter can resist a siren.
The Only Way To Settle The Score Is To Take It To The Alley!
The only safe place is on the run.
How Miami put the big heat on the Mob!
Based on the Bestselling Video Game!
Anime, Slayers
The story of Kenshin's final journey
Fake news. Real disaster.
CHOOSE YOUR WEAPONS!
Dangerous Things Still Come In Small Packages...
Tales of a wannabe samurai.
Some Secrets Never Die
Sugar, Spice, and Everything Nice...That's not what Aya is made of.
Sonsy salvager for hire.
man. machine. menace
Every life has a price
In a nightmare future, violence is the only law
Cheerleader dives into the mind of a teenager as she tries desperately to win her boyfriend back.
Ready to kick some asteroid!
Runaway hilarity when Don Knotts runs down City Hall...in search of the buried secrets of a gang of crooked politicians the movie the entire family will enjoy!
She survived it all to become one of the world's great jazz singers
Every one has a dark side.
She was beautiful, smart, and searching. He was an emerging genius in the world of photography.
A vampire's lust knows no boundaries...
The most ruthless Robinson of all time!
You don't have to pull the trigger to become a killer.
A daughter out of options. A father out of time.
To save his future he must alter his past.
The man got down...the brothers were ready... You must see it! It's a mother!
In July 2005, filmmaker Scott Hicks started shooting a documentary about the composer Philip Glass to celebrate his 70th anniversary in 2007.
Miles Davis Jazz
I think this robot will find my daughter...
Vienna‰Ûªs Prater is an amusement park and a desire machine. No mechanical invention, no novel idea or sensational innovation could escape incorporation into the Prater.
Reframing a nation.
It was the summer of '69....
Part dog. Part machine. Totally awesome.
Believe what you want to believe.
Swinging London 66-67
The Last Great Warrior
The Funniest Film Since 54 B.C.
Private dicks
Three regiments ride out of Fort Clarke to try to finish a job the Army wished it had never started! All the blazing excitement of the best-seller, "Bugle's Wake"
The Untold Story of a Royal Vizier
A Zombie Musical
To Win is to Survive
How far will you go? To find yourself.
The Beginning
Cancer Is Serious Business
Radical Islam's Vision For America
Comedy stripped down
The man. The legend. His story. His words.
FROM THE EARTH TO THE STARS...this is the story of Wernher von Braun...the man who thrust the world into the Space Age.
Caboblanco. Where legends are born.
Tonight, at sundown... the dead will rise again
From red carpet... to rehab.
. . . in a picture that plunges heart-deep into the story of one girl's mistake!
BUCK ROGERS BATTLES INVASION FROM FOREIGN PLANETS!...Space ships exploded by giant ray machines! Mountains crumbled by disintegrating machines!
We are legion, for we are many.
She was from another star. He had waited his whole life for this one meeting. Together they fell in love with a place called Earth.
Boys will be boys... but better
The way to a woman‰Ûªs heart is through...sushi!
Fast & furry-ous
...and the man she never quite married
Joe Ryan had but one life to give for his country. The CIA asked for it twice.
Beaten, Betrayed and Bustin' Loose!
Until Vadim, LOVE has been child's play... Now watch the adults play!
When the eternal rivals fall in love
A savage land beyond the law!
Love is a drug!
Beauty, Drama, Romance...that will stay forever in your memory!
With All The Terror Of A Time Bomb!
Two families at war . . . to the last man!
In the gun debate, truth is the ultimate weapon
What was once in the deep is now in the shallows.
The Origin Story of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre
Hemingway's Untold Story
No man ever held more terrible power over women than this tall dark handsome stranger from nowhere!
MOVIE MAKER ON THE SPOT!
Gangster by day, exorcist by night
Laughter, Tears, Fear, Passion... And a Granny Wrapped In a Carpet!
_ivot dvojice najboljih prijateljla mijenja se onog trenutka kada se jave na mobitel mrtvaca...
Life is sometimes rude game: one mistake can buy you ticket to hell.
To serve,  protect... and steal.
Dreams are worth fighting for. Even if it takes force sometimes.
Guilt. Desire. Thirst.
Sre€ào, laku no€à
Now it's our turn.
Their lives were snuffed out. . . now they're back for vengeance!
This film series explores many aspects of our society.  To rethink what is possible in our world, we need to consider what kind of world we want to live in.  Although we refer to it as civilization, it is anything but civilized.
The ultimate killing machine of the future has arrived...
What happens when simple curiosity turns into addiction?
A jealous rivalry between three high school girls leads to a shocking crime.
Strength comes from within.
Thrice upon a love story
Some heroes are all talk.
Where do you go when there's nowhere to land?
Pure Energy. Infinite Possibilities.
The end is HERE!
You never walk alone
Murder is a two-way street.
The evidence behind natural healing
New thinking about what we're eating
What Are the Bees Telling Us?
The world's simplest cure for cancer
An unprecedented global exploration for a solution to America's #1 killer.
8 people‰Û_ 22 diseases‰Û_ 28 days‰Û_ 1 answer?
Mind your body.
Your Pleasure Is Our Business
-
Imagine a world where your every move matters. Welcome to that world.
A gang of guys get hooked on conspiracy theories
Believe You Can Win
It's Bob (Wanted dead or alive) Hope.
Never did they expect to get into a controversial relationship...
A Journey Into Humanity And Faith
It's time for a little madness.
The world is more giant than you can imagine.
What Hollywood didn't tell you about one of the world's most secretive religions
Always use condiments
True love in false covers.
Chaos is coming to town.
because elves, after all, deserve happiness, too
christmas romance
You can't fight the future.
He Prepared Them for Everything Except the Outside World.
A renowned poet. An unknown inspector. A legendary manhunt.
There is something evil in this house.
TROPIC NIGHT... Steeped In Terror!
NO PUNCHES PULLED...NO TRUTHS UNTOLD!
How Big is a Big Picture?
Rooftops. It's the only place to be.
Life is like a dream
The victor will never be asked if he told the truth.
In thee shall all nations be blessed
Past and Present Collide
Let the memory games begin.
The truth behind the right-wing media machine that changed a father--and divided the nation
They made him an assassin. Now he's the target.
In Every Cop There is a Crime
Behind Enemy Lines No Man Can Stop Her. Only One Woman Can Touch Her.
They had something he wanted... he had something they feared
A hitman with a gift...a mission...a problem
Never be tempted.
Cold blooded murder, hot blooded passion... An erotic thriller that will make you sweat!
You never see fear coming ‰Û÷til it swallows you whole.
Life takes a detour.
See! The Earth Destroyed In A Nuclear Holocaust!
The most raw human suffering of them all.
It was a one night stand...that lasted 12 years
You Haven't Seen Anything Yet
The fairytale was only the beginning
Under the makeup. Over the edge. An incredible journey through the underground.
Hobo Documentary Trainhopping HitchHiking punk bull
Short film of a one-man-band musical performance by Sid Lavarents (who served as both film-maker and musician).
Actually produced during the Great Newfoundland Seal Hunt and You see the REAL thing
What the hell is going on?
Five Hong Kong Stories, One Undesirable Future
Every agent has a story
Better safe than sorry.
The uninvited can only be seen when you're tagged along
Beautiful Horror
Anyone who is anyone will be seen at CafÌ© Society.
EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT UNTIL I KILLED A MAN AND HIS DEAD BODY TURNED UP IN FRONT OF ME
Born to hunt. Driven to kill.
Nadja, a single girl longing to become a mother
Some have power, others have bravery.
Innocence walks a fine line.
Manie-Manie
We all need somebody to lean on.
Death is their way of life!
Love him. Hate him. Judge him.
Dying was their first mistake.
Fear your dreams.
A Father Will Do Anything To Save His Daughter's Future
Look what's living inside your television!
You Can Never Truly Escape
Not all dogs go to heaven.
When earth becomes an arena... murder becomes a way of life.
Warrior. Magician. Hero. Thief. They called him... The Blade Master
How well do you know your neighbors?
Little girls shouldn‰Ûªt play with snakes.
So hot she'll knock you out cold.
In 2004, A film crew set out to find the ghost of John Wayne Gace. They did.
This day will be our last
Uncaged, Undead
Because everybody needs a friend.
You know her name. But you don't know her story.
He's a public howl as a private eye!
The Ultimate Tourist Trap
Desperate. Deranged. Depraved.
I confess I'm the kind of girl every man wants - but shouldn't marry!
You'll be having a bad hare day!
Raise some shell.
Evil comes home
Corey Haim Is the right guy, in the right place, at the right time. All he needed was a ...fast getaway
Minbo: the Gentle Art of Japanese Extortion
Caring is a funny thing.
Exposing the EU racket & making the case for a prosperous, independent Britain.
It's time to feed the baby.
An obsession gone mad
Behind the masks. Beneath the helmets. Big people. Small roles.
Second chances don't come easy
We knock off anything - bodies, banks and birds!
The Ipcress File's Harry Palmer is back.... and the Cold War is heating up again!
Hollywood's all American boy had a secret.
The anarchic and unruly history of the galaxy's greatest comic
A new documentary on an old fashioned tradition
There's nothing scarier than a blank page.
Every high has its price
planet earth as you've never seen it before
From the Makers of Planet Earth
The joyful, songful, wonderful story of the life of Johann Strauss!
Politics is war.
Three young, empty-eyed killers, without mercy or morals, turn a private home into a house of horror!
The whole blazing story of the Tri-State murder mob!
Dopo "Lo Squalo" un altro gigante del cinema.
The next true story from the case files of Ed and Lorraine Warren
Plug In Again!
High-spirited romance thrill with fun and laughs!
Every betrayal begins with trust.
Four hands are better than two.
She was put on trial for love because her fiancÌ©'s family scented scandal.
When she lost her lover...her sister gained one!
A boy with nothing who changed everything.
This day will go down in history as a black mark against mankind.
Only one survives
Love is Love!
His savage hunger makes us all... Alien Prey
See the thousand and one orgies of torture!
Family is priceless, but she costs extra.
Who You Gonna Call?
Love and desire... it gets complicated.
The world's deadliest game is back online
Torn by the truth
When everyone is connected no one is safe.
She gets what she wants. She keeps what she gets. She never lets go.
The outrageous comedy!
MURDER IS ALL PART OF THE SHOW
You are who you say you are.
A Story of Some of "The Few"...
HALF MAN...HALF BEAST...He held them all in the grip of deadly terror...nothing could keep him from this woman he claimed as his own!
Steven Seagal is the Asian Connection.
Sometimes revenge is the only answer.
None of us are as unique as we hope
Are you interested in music?
Death is Their Picnic
Her Kisses Couldn't Stop This Killer!
The Genius Who Lit The World
They Threatened The World Until Some Hep Youngsters Took Over!
Saving the world takes a little Hart and a big Johnson
A War You cannot Escape
The Best Goodbye Ever
Goa. Paradise on Earth. But every Paradise has a few snakes.
Entombed for eons - turned to stone - seeking women, women, women!
Mutant gators take a bite out of the bayou!
The uncensored, controversial footage from July 2010.
Hers is the story of 100,000 Girls!
Your name is your shield.
A drama of sacrifice and supreme love
You get one shot Before he kills you.
Evil takes flight.
Bigger Than "Here Comes The Navy" !
Dance! Sing! It's So JOYOUS!
Max Perkins discovered Ernest Hemingway and F. Scott Fitzgerald. But he never met anyone like Thomas Wolfe.
kiss, asphalt
You know his name
How far will a family go to bury the truth?
The Ultimate Disaster Film !
Remember Not To Forget
Pure 'adult'erated Fun
Join the Gang
Stanley's Tiffin Box
You scream, you expand, you explode. A new source of evil is discovered and is out of control.
They were warned... they were all warned... don't go down to the cellar.
This ancient Evil is now a modern industry.
He saved her life... Now he brings her vengeance!
Where do you run...hide...escape...when you're marked for Mafia rub-out...
The Carters, The Cashes, and the course of country music
Larger Than Life!
There's no badge for growing up
That was now, this is then.
A match, a firm, a heist and the mother of all battles.
The Operation is a Success ... When the Patient Dies
Dope is wack!
Blood Will Be Spilled
Being a director is being a watcher.
How might life be better with less?
Human. Nature.
Keep America great
They needed hot dates. They got hot messes.
One small step. One giant mess.
Some secrets are too big to keep.
Vengeance cannot be denied.
Beyond Life... Beyond Death... Beyond Redemption
Looking for love in all the wrong places
This time, the law takes off their cuffs
Based on the novel by Philip Roth.
Cruelty. Brutality. Fraternity.
There is something under the ice
This guy is a disaster or...
Life  can be a real mother
Hopper Gibson throws one hundred miles per hour. Now he needs to stop thinking.
The rich will pay
Patterns of Evidence is an engaging, visually pleasing and fascinating piece of filmmaking whatever one believes.
Out here, God don't pick no favorites
What if dragons actually existed?
They're Running Out Of Patients
People Are Vanishing Down
The pond. This is where hockey was born-under the open sky-where the ice is gritty and so is the play.
The truth is a motherf_cker.
There are some places so dark, so evil, where no human no living thing should dwell...
Woman of Mystery ... Land of Intrigue
Wild adventure... international intrigue!
Crime! Suicide! Prostitution!
MEET THEM AT THE
He packs a SOCK in each SONG...and FURY in each FIST!
From the roaring , raucous, rowdy pages of the best-loved legend of the West!
The Making of the Album American Idiot
Once upon a time there were The Antwerp Dolls and with those dolls came death.
They hunted her... Terrorised her... And now they pay the price
Revenge is a bitter deal.
Roy Knocks The West For A Singin', Lead-Slingin' Loop!
The secrets of a street you know
The new Hardy picture is here!
Wartime Heroism As High As The Wide-Open Sky
HEAD FOR THE MUSICAL HILLS...ROY IS GUNNIN' FOR THRILLS!
OARING ROUND-UP OF SONG-STUDDED THRILLS!
The best loved of all musical adventures!
Warner Brothers' spectacular SINGING success
Sometimes you take a trip. Sometimes the trip takes you.
He Had Two Wives And Led Two Lives... He's The Best Dad Two Families Ever Had - At The Same Time!
More Kung foolery with the world's favorite martial arts munchkins!
Grade A+! A touching animated ode to the cycle of life. A masterpiece of images!
She ended up on the wrong side of right.
They unleashed the ultimate evil
When he fell into silence, movies gave him back his voice
For a brief moment, it seemed Rock & Roll would INHERIT THE EARTH.
Are you a watcher or a player?
There is no honor in revenge.
The most authentic trucking movie ever made!
The Untold Story Behind the Miracle on the Hudson.
It would have been a lovely family dinner. If it weren't the last.
You're either with us...or against us
Joe Don Baker is looking for trouble.
At last! A motion picture made by, for, and about people.... just like you!
They're cool, free and wild . . . and they own the streets!
Living the dream will cost you.
Just another story about love
To live is to die.
Wrestling is not a sport. Its about fighting what lies within.
The most sensational kidnapping case of our time!
Life before the apocalypse
THE SEQUEL TO MYSTERY ROAD
His help comes at a price.
The Race To Save A Life Begins Now
It's Feeding Time
A dark secret locked away...will soon be discovered.
A story of legendary bravery
Be careful what you listen for.
It's a Hard Knock-Off Life.
A Documentary About Money - And the Controversial Crypto-Currency Bitcoin
A Crash Course in Terror
The true story of one man against the biggest drug cartel in history.
An American dream
Everyone waits for Friday!
First you get the mono, then you get the power.
Love can stand the test of time.
When things that don't seem to matter anymore, mattered
A story about life's strikeouts and home runs.
Who can you trust?
A Beautiful Planet
Everything is about to change
Come face to face with naked fear on the altar of evil!
Our Move, Creep
He emancipated the slave... he saved the union... and slaughtered the undead!
He's killed over 125 people, one at a time... sometimes just for practice.
A gritty story of seething hatred and thrilling adventure.
Survivors will become heroes.
A Mighty Epic Of Modern Morals!
A deadly standoff at 30,000 feet...
As soldiers they were taught to fight for honor. As men they were willing to die for it.
The End Is A New Beginning
The Hell-Horde they called The Butcher's Battalion!
Get RambOWNED!
The blacksmith of a small western town finds himself an outcast. He had led the townspeople west in hopes of starting a new life, only to find the town that they founded is to be bypassed by the railroad.
The thirst for adventure!
In rescuing I was rescued
Prey for the Hunted...
Half Man, Half Machine, No Mercy
Crime Never Stops. Neither Do They.
What side of the deal will you be on?
Still waters run deep, dark and deadly.
The trout season begins in May. The deer season begins in September. Today it's open season for people!
Our entire life changes in a moment.
The true story of a boy whose dreams built a kingdom
She loved men... to death
The madness begins.
The first "All Talking" picture
Can a place be evil?
WHAT A YARN!
Gehetzt wie Hunde, gejagt wie WÌ¦lfe, verbrannt wie Teufel. Im Namen des Rechts!
UNBELIEVABLE! Until You See It With Your Own Eyes!
The most horrifying syndicate of evil in history!
From these hunters..there is no escape!!
Let Yourself Believe that Once Upon A Time Good Prevailed Where Evil Existed and Puppets Walked Without Strings
The 'Gone With The Wind' of the north-west frontier of India.
It's a Wonderful Journey, You Must Come Along!
A story of reality, fantasy and the bits in the middle
A fight for an empire behind the curtained mysteries of San Francisco's Chinatown!
Party like a mother.
Blood always follows money.
Be on each other's side
We're the ones who will survive.
Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV
Paranormal investigation. No experience necessary.
Sshhh...Desh So Raha hai
The unanimous hit of the 1972 Cannes Film Festival - An Israeli love story you will never forget.
This film is dedicated to millions who love Bruce Lee
Lies always backfire.
A History of African American Portrayal on Television
What do a bank robber, a terrorist, a kung fu student, and a gay evangelist have in common? They're all just like you.
This house looked like an easy target, until they found out what was inside.
Enclave
Now you've got something to say, got someone to blame, let's hear it.
No way out. No way up. No chance in hell.
A musical adventure of Double-Stuffed proportions!
My Best Friend
Without knowing they have awakened an unknown force. Can anyone survive?
Run for your life
This time it's for real
Just because you're stranded... doesn't mean you can't make some friends.
The story about a family that must maintain an insatiable grandmother
Splash, Too. A romantic tail.
In the name of progress ... one magnificent step backward.
Revenge is a dish best served COLD!
Some tapes shouldn't be made
A lesson in obedience
A Lesson in Facing Hardship
A lesson in using your gifts told in a manner of JRR Tolkien's classic "The Lord of the Rings."
A Lesson in Dealing with Bullies
A Lesson In Fighting Temptation
A Lesson In Friendship
The Story of a Prodigal Son
A Lesson in Helping Others
Drama of Romance and Danger on the Bottom of the Sea!
David Bowie & the Story of Ziggy Stardust
Story of theatrical troupe that travels through the Old West.
Be willing to go all the way
WAR OUT WEST...as bullets whine and fists fly!
The screen's first original all talking, singing, dancing musical comedy.
What barrier mars the path of their destiny...the fulfillment of their right to happiness?
There are three sides to every story.
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. Unless what happens is this.
You're only young once... is it over yet?
Set in 1974 and based on true events.
¾Ñ´¾ÏÂ‹øŒ__¾¤÷ŒÎÐ‹Ñ‹_‹ã‹âÜ ‰ÛÓ Japan is Changing
In the shadows, he waits...
1000 Miles.  8 Days.  7 Cities.  2 Friends.  1 Car.  Never Again.
Resistance has a code name
They left him no choice..
Wedding's off. Party's on.
War, war, it's not a reason to hurt each other!
Thrilling, exhilarating and original!
It's not just the bread that's getting baked.
The Dead Rise When Daylight Ends
Dear Mom & Dad, Have gone to Chicago to seek fame and fortune. Don't wait up. - Love, T.R.
One name‰Û_ two men‰Û_ separated by race‰Û_ bound by slavery.
Anything can happen before the next move
Boy with two faces meets girl with two souls.
Girls, Guns and Crime
Not every wedding ends in a bouquet toss...
Life-or-death survival begins
Between the Sea and the Sierras Stood the Sin-Strewn Gateway to Gold!
A Murderer... A Captive Woman ...and a Deranged Arsonist ...in a Deadly Inferno!
America, 1955. Her act of courage changed the world. But how it changed her life has never been told... until now.
Be careful who you click with.
Evil see. Evil do.
Love is a Carousel
Nothing is more dangerous than a father's love.
Fear what's inside
Some things are best left alone.
What would drive a seventeen-year-old girl to betray her family? And if that family was the mafia?
The best SCANNERS sequel we never got
Ready for some fun?
Anything - and everything - can be a weapon in the war between the sexes.
The story of the love and courage of a remarkable woman
On the street your dreams will cost you
Is voting controlled by 100 million voters or one guy sitting in his grandmothers basement?
The hangover will be the easy part.
It‰Ûªs Cocoon meets The Hangover in this hilarious romp through the golden years.
The true story of a 17 year old nymphomaniac
Man's World. Sister's Hood.
Breaking up is easy to do!
Hold Your Breath.
Drama Comedy
He rules the streets from inside...
Fear your neighbor.
But he looked like a really nice guy.
Humiliation. Rape. Murder. The boy next door is back.
Humiliation. Rape. Murder. You know the drill.
Sex, drugs and Rock 'n Roll
A million ways to die......this is the worst.
Life Is Better When You're Stone & Ed.
Worry to death
Fangs & Loathing in Las Vegas
Friends forever?
Dying is a wild night
Inside, an evil grows
Four continents. Three kills... Or the love of his life is dead.
Nothing Great Is Easy
A mystery beyond reality.
Justice has a number.
The Game is Real
A comedy as diverse as love itself
He alone has the power
Ready. Set. Panic.
You've Entered Cyberzone. Let The Chase Begin.
This is the story of a lifetime
To save their world... They're coming to ours...
He has the power to make you live his nightmares... And he's dreaming about you.
Facing The Darkness Within
The truth has no borders.
Witness the birth of a terrifying ego
Any life you ever wanted!
A tale of survival.
What Would You Do With $17 Million?
It really happened
100 BREATH-TAKING MINUTES OF "EDGE-OF-YOUR-SEAT" SUSPENSE AND PULSE-POUNDING MYSTERY!
THUNDERING DRAMA of youth on the loose!
The one thing we search for most...
Every job has pros and cons
Decorated Officer. Devoted Family Man. Defending His Honor. His Name Is RUSTOM.
CLOSE ENOUGH TO KISS...OR KILL!
Change your locks
The quest begins
Old flame. New fling. Big problem.
Love demands everything
Don't let it out
When faced with our darkest hour, hope is not a tactic
Stay peculiar
What you see can hurt you.
Rules aren't for everyone
Calculate your choices.
There are three sides to every story. The truth, the lie... and the American Side.
Some loves are best forgotten
See the music. Hear the dance.
A happy picture about unhappy people!
Since that day, their dreams became a window connecting two worlds
It takes a bad guy to catch a bad guy
Eight years later, what are they looking for?
A Rebel For Love
Striling Pulling Samething
The Odds Were 5000 to 1 ‰Û_ One was all They Needed.
Divided by life, united by Tango.
Trampled souls, seeking their way home, finally returning
The dead will inherit the Earth
Heroes are found in the most unexpected places.
Do you solemnly swear..
Surrounded by hot girls in teeny bikinis, the guys are truly in heaven.
Dekho Magar Pyaar Se
With The Most Dangerous Musician Alive, Gil Scott-Heron
No one said surviving high school would be easy.
The honeymoon murders...to catch the killer, she'll become the bait.
Their stories are different... but their profession is the same.
It kills in cold blood
This holiday season taste the love
Defend your nation. Become your enemy.
A girl falling in love.  A family falling apart.
The Story of Martin Luther King and One Act of Defiance That Changed a Nation
The boss is back
Betrayal is survival.
The new physics professor has a disappearing act that's a real scream.
Where the Future collides with the Past
They feed on one thing only.
What's white about Casablanca, they should call it Casanegra
Louis C.K.'s HBO Special One Night Stand
The Steampunk Revolution has arrived
His lyrics. Their music. A shared story.
No evidence. No trace. But the instinct points the killer.
Every town has its monsters
With his one-of-a-kind take on everything from dating to the NFL, Chris D'Elia truly is incorrigible.
Two sisters. Two ways of life. One family drama.
Does it really works out like this?
It will keep you hanging on the edge of your seat....
No one knows what the future holds. That's why its potential is infinite.
Dancin' Like You've Never Seen Before
Go further than the eye can see.
No mÌÁs. No surrender.
Larenz Tate is both cop and con in...
Nothing rhymes with Germany
To live forever, first you must die
I was born twice, even three times.
Stumped! Caught! Bowled!
A god incarnate. A city doomed.
He's watching your six.
It's hunting season again...
What are friends for?
Love will bring you home.
They ride to love... They ride to kill!
Eat. Sleep. Rave. Repeat.
No happy campers here...
Who says money isn't important?
The image that launched a thousand t-shirts‰Û_
THRILLING ADVENTURES...frontier giants join forces to challenge the might of the River Raiders.
HE has abandoned us
Watch Out! The Gargoyles Are Here
A great place to quit life!
A couple hire a maverick architect
MYSTERY that you'll laugh at...when -- The Falcon TAKES OVER
Daddy's Gone A Hunting
Death... is just the beginning.
Those Gold Diggers are back again!
For gold ! For glory ! For wild pagan lips !
Bollywood's answer to the 1963 comedy 'It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World'.
He took on a cause and inspired a revolution
The Paramount Musical Comedy Of All Time!
Strike Up The Band ! * Here comes happiness . . . in a merry medley of romance . . . and rhythm !
They're Back!... They're Better!  FIRST TIME TOGETHER SINCE
He's got it, but it isn't his!
Paramount's Nautical Musical!
At our darkest time, a moment will come that will define who we are.
In The Mind Of A Champion
A tribute to nature untouched by today.
From The Top Of The World!
Hide your women. Lock up your cash. Billie Joe & the Baltimore Bullet are on their way!
Sicily is a small island. Some people live there. Some people love there. Some people die there.
A stylish international conman, with loads of attitude.
He found the girl of his dreams, he fell in love and he got married... to all three.
This Valentine... Love will be murdered
you asked for it
An American Mission of Mohanlal & Sreenivasan
Don't Ride Into Darkness Alone
While hosting his best friend's bachelor party, a man is forced to face his own fear of commitment
When all collapsed, only hope remained.
The last day of the month was their first mistake...
The loud life of Steve Aoki
In love and war the first casualty is truth
Somebody warn the West. Nigger Charley ain't running no more.
On Wall Street, all players are not created equal
Ashes to Ashes, Dust to Dust.
A new predator is on the hunt.
High school just got weirder.
The Revolution did happen. Just not the way they thought it would.
Dare to step off.
It Doesn't Like Being Called A Hoax.
The Rainbow
One Man....A Remarkable Vision; One Family....A Desperate Struggle
2600 years ago, one family began a remarkable journey and set the course for a latter-day faith. This is their story.
Real People. Real Heroes.
Love's a Funny Thing
Never Call Someone You Don't Want To See
One of the greatest heroes in American history never fired a bullet.
Pray for Day
omnibus movie 'kill'
Getulio Vargas
Unlock the Mystery of the World's Most Famous Star
Silence is not an option
Land of the Free. Home of the Insane.
This Bill will not be vetoed
Savage Greed. Searing Sex. Shattering Suspense.
It was an ordinary summer. Then the Germans came.
Deception and intrigue in the combat zones of Manila
Saving his best friend was only the beginning.
Live long...
A musical entangled in suspense
There was one law in El Paso ... you learned to kill quick ... if you wanted to live long!
The Girl and the Gestapo! Hidden enemies! It's thrilling!!
Based on Hundreds of True Stories (Unfortunately)
Following in the fun-packed footsteps of The Fuller Brush Man!
1196 men aboard, 5 days in water, 317 survived
ÌÉland witch hunts 1666
An unbelievable true story.
There's something evil hiding in the woods.
The border is a shifting line.
The band you know. The story you don't.
Empires fall. Love survives.
All love is created equal
They risked their future to create ours...
Welcome to hell
Is there really a war on drugs?
The Life and Work of Sally Mann
Knowing your fate is a real killer.
This Penguin Marches to a Different Tune.
Deep In The Bogs A Creature Is Lurking
The Bad Cat
a young poet hires a marketing company to turn his suicide-by-jumping into a mass-media spectacle
More than 17,000 people were reported to have died trying to cross the Mediterranean in the last 15 years...
Some secrets are too powerful to hide.
redemption
Git Back JACK--Give him no JIVE...He is the BAAAD'EST Cat in '75
To caress me is to tempt death!
One killer reunion.
6 Days. 150 Cars. 3000 Miles.
The Mother of all Dwarfsploitation films!
No Waiting. No Appointment. No Escape!
That moment... when your life got low battery.
This film can damage your health
We all have our secrets
Journey Back To The Planet Of The Apes!
Singer. Activist. Survivor. Legend.
An angel interrupts destiny to give love 72 hours for a second chance.
What does he want to be when he grows up?
Stories are wild creatures.
Why are they here?
Who would move a mountain, if not the mountain itself.
Yesterday, they were only astronauts. Today, they're humanity's only hope.
A Personal Journey Into The Uncharted Depths Of Nerd Culture, A Realm Full Of Dangers, Creatures And More Or Less Precarious Working Conditions
What is this monstrous THING? With the power of mind over matter?... There beyond the stars your unspeakable fears...deepest desires...come alive...and you are trapped in a spectacle of terror- your secret fears pitted against you!
Citizens of Earth beware...
The fight for survival has begun..
A good son is committed for life.
Welcome To Her Nightmare
The most harrowing portrayal of the ultimate crime against humanity.
Hitting The Big Time Has Its Price
The Complete Japanese Showa Songbook
A Rebel. A Legend. A Romance. The Ultimate Race!
Illuminates the life of "America's Sweetheart", film pioneer, actress and keen business woman Mary Pickford
Dying is the easy way out.
Crawling, Slimy Things Terror-Bent on Destroying the World!
Behind this Membrane...You Will Be Driven To a Point...Midway Between Life and Death!
In This Deadly Game... He Could Lose Only Once!
There won't be a dry seat in the house!
One Life Remaining
Our greatest threat is our only hope.
He's been expecting you
Sometimes first love deserves a second chance...
The hunt begins
If I can understand the killer, I can find him
Welcome to ZQN World
Roaring soon
My Life as a Courgette
They don't take prisoners. They take lives.
John Wayne Wild Across the World!
An erotic fantasy horror from the tortured pen of The Marquis de Sade.
Sometimes a second chance comes when you least expect it!
Brilliant... Brutal... Torn from tonight's headlines!
The truth was buried with his mother. Revenge was his only choice.
She Had To Find Her Past To Embrace Her Future.
Legends never die
W. Somerset Maugham's most savage portrait of a dangerous woman!
They aren't just shoes
It's not a lie if you believe it
3,000 voltz couldn't kill him... It just gave him a buzz.
The first phase is hallucinogenic... the second phase is glandular... and the third phase is... BODY MELT
A mother's love
Reap the flesh
On The Dark Side Of Honor
A family, the Devil, a prince, a goddess : a girl without hands faces her destiny.
One Man, One Mission, One Choice
Dream big. Build small.
Golden Cane the lethal weapon. Who is entitled to inherit?
She shoots, She scores, She acessorizes...
This holiday could be the start of a new beginning.
They have one shot to show their spots.
A Disney Channel special event
Do you believe in mermaids?
The Sequel to The Phantom of the Opera
If you thought Robin Hood broke all the rules, wait until you meet his daughter!
You don't know what's missing until you find it.
Competition at its best!
Fame is Fleeting. The Internet is Forever...
Based on a true story
He hard, tough...and doesn't give a XXXX for anything...except romantic novels
Go every step of the way.
There's a monster in all of us
Sometimes Being Different Is The Best Way To Fit In.
They were destroying the land of his heritage...now they must pay!
Be Courageous, Be A Friend, Be yourself
The world is at war and one girl's hope and courage are put to the test.
You Look Delicious!
A halÌÁl nem vÌÁlogat. Az ember igen.
From So Simple a Beginning.
Love happens behind the scenes.
Here's to the fools who dream.
The third Leaphorn/Chee movie on PBS
From slave to criminal with one amendment.
A fable about the magic of free parking.
the Irish army's forgotten battle
Adolescence is the only time when you learn something at all
Outrun Outdrive Outlive
A journey down the path of revelation
Crazy is relative
Nobody leaves the family
Look at youself!
To make your dreams come true, sometimes you have to break the rules.
He fell out of a plane and into their lives.
History Is Written By The Brave.
See the Ghastly Ghouls in Flaming Color!
Love has changed since once upon a time.
Based On True Story
The enemy is listening.
Stay in the light
The movie that defies gravity!
Love finds its way... behind the gates of prison!
May the best chicken win
The final game now begins.
Prehistoric Lovers Against Primitive Beasts!
Breakups can be woof!
The world's greatest city laid bare! All the sins... All the shock.. All the glamor!
Shocking! Incredible! The most bizarre motion picture you have ever seen!
The crusade continues...
Retribution is coming.
Which Witch is which?
His greatest challenge. Humanity's last hope.
They lived a normal life... Until the Joneses moved in.
When you talk to the other side, you never know who will be listening.
Romantically Challenged.
From the sidelines to the spotlight.
Try to remain calm.
The hardest thing to break is the human spirit.
Hell Just Got A Lot Hotter!
Hide Your Daughters
This Poster will Be Seen But Not Heard. This Film Will Be Seen and Heard.
The creep island slayings‰Û_
Big Movie. Big Production. Big Girls.
It's 4 years later. She's graduating college. The cop who got her off the street has been murdered. ANGEL'S back... with a vengeance!
Where her wildest fantasies turned to terror.
Come aboard and wrap your laughing gear around...
Love. Betrayal. Vengeance
How can she help you?
A diabolical quartet of HORRIFYING Evil!
A Fun Musical Extravaganza
Will her dedication to the beloved library drive Tony away...and with it a chance at true love?
Judith has her list... Can Santa deliver?
Prepare to survive... Middle School
The whole world knows the Holocaust happened. Now she needs to prove it.
Transcend your expectations.
Justice is Coming.
Love obssesion betrayal revenge
The story behind the Revolutionary musical
A man can only take so much!
The story of a girl who falls in love with the world's greatest obscene phone call.
Once upon a time, there was a girl...
Prepare to engage
Heaven can wait as a reluctant angel takes on one more earthly mission to earn her wings.
Once upon a time...
What is the price of love?
Keep Moving Forward
A love story about hate
A feminist's journey into the Men's Rights Movement
Hired to kill the woman he loved!
A radically ordinary story.
Welcome, My Friends. To the Show That Never Ends.
The hell-bent, jazz-crazed era and the man who ruled it all!
MEET THE GUT WHO DISHED IT OUT...because he got tired of taking it
One of the world's most daring adventures into the unknown!
Same Attitude. Different Sex.
A true story.
What we worship can destroy us
They're not just thieves... they're heroes for hire.
A little town. A little romance. A little miracle.
He was the one person she could always count on.
What's scarier than dying?
¾_Ž¼ÑÏÏ¾ÁÄ¾ö Ù¾ªâ
The science is clear, the future is not.
Last month, Charlie Gordon couldn't read. Now he's quoting Shakespeare. Can the medical miracle that changed his life help him understand the meaning of love?
If I Die Before I Wake, Thank You
This isn't Hell. This is Holland.
See the film Ohio republicans tried to shut down.
Follow the leader.
The search begins
Kill your past... Rewind your future
A collection of behind the scenes and home movies from the golden age of Hollywood.
The Touch of Greatness
Every body has a secret.
Only the smartest will survive
Scimitars flash... danger flames... as adventure's mightiest hero dares his greatest conquest!
Giving the holidays another shot.
Rich. Spoiled. Hunted.
Based on the (Mostly) True Story of the 30-Year-old Who Just Hit Puberty.
Throw a lifeline to the wilderness.
Five days together? Oh joy.
Two tribes. One love.
"They tried to kill our music but they just can't kill our soul."
What are you eating?
A Journey of Many Dimensions
Love Unscripted
You'll never be alone
Never Again!
The Amaizing MR M!...THE ONLY MAN IN THE WORLD WITH FIVE MILLION DOLLARS and not a penny TO HIS NAME!
Their violence seared the West like a branding iron!
Some bands deserve another shot...and another...and another...and another.
The Toast of Croydon is Back.
How much of your own life are you willing to risk
Live your truth.
What remains of a woman's right to choose?
What remains after all is lost?
Your ass is grass, and I'm the lawnmower.
With the cock of a hammer and a cloud of smoke, everything will change.
-
The greatest video game player of all time returns to pwn n00bs... and if he's not too busy, change the world while he's at it.
The incredible true story of the man who fooled an entire country
The story behind the image
They came to escape the past, the past had other ideas.
The hunt for the hunter begins
We are all connected
Simply Spellbinding Silly Symphony!
The man. The myth. The memoirs.
BAFFLING! BREATHTAKING! CHILLS-THRILLS!
Our world is strange and often fake and corrupt. But we think it‰Ûªs normal because we can‰Ûªt see anything else. HyperNormalisation - the story of how we got here.
in the tradition of "StageCoach" "High Noon" and "Shane"
Meet Karen Bird and Jack Blueblood. Lovers. Dreamers. Serial Killers.
Meet Sam, the wonder man. He's got madness in his closet, everybody in trouble, the police in circles - and the world in his pocket.
He was 15 ‰ÛÒ an innocent from a small village, soon to be trapped in the erotic underworld of Prague.
Mankind's Deadliest Threat Will Not Come From The Skies.
Adventure in a world where every man has his limits... and every dream its price.
Don't mess with an angel and expect to be saved.
The legendary warrior who battled Custer.
A man who tricks women into returning to their ex-boyfriends soon finds himself falling for one of his marks.
Beach volleyball just got hotter.
The true story of a love that shook an empire
Every generation finds its voice.
The timeless tale of a special place where magic, hope and love grow.
The female of the species is more deadly than the male...
Nothing ruins Christmas like family.
They're driving each other crazy.
HOW LONG CAN YOU HOLD YOUR BREATHE?
Courage is all you need to win.
A runaway returns to restart her life, but she's hiding something
Some fears can't be shut out.
Thank God it's only a motion picture!
Get ready for the summer of yes
He was a hired professional. But this was personal.
You know the movies. You know the villain. Now meet the man.
We're not so different.
It's all downhill from here
Protecting. Serving. Ass kicking.
Beautiful word, beautiful world
One moment leads to another, one life leads to the next
Classic Albums
A look at Iron Maiden's breakthrough 1982 album The Number of the Beast.
Uncensored and uncut version of a scandalous true story!
Tells the Men all about the Women!
Good to the Last Drop...of the Villain...the Girl...or Maybe the Scenery!
Who remembers those crazy promises you made in college? ...He did.
True Story - Fake Wine
Eat better, live better & help save the planet.
Feared by Every Man, Desired by Every Woman!
Heroes are not born, they are imported.
A Thrilling World of Wonders You've Never Seen Before!
Now, Foxy, Listen to my last words...
Some Face The Future Head On. Tonight The Boys At The Alamo Face It Dead Drunk.
Boogie finds himself caught between family obligations and the temptation of a night out like in the good old days.
From appetizer to dessert - One town becomes a monster meal.
Marauding Wolf Raiders in Space Chase to the Death.
The ocean is calling.
A little bit of hope can go a long way
Horror, Mystery, Thriller
No Man Can Resist Her. All Men Should.
A former agent. A lethal assassin. Game On.
I want them to see what they have done to Jack.
Party like your job depends on it
Makes It Perfectly Clear.
A Beacon of Light in a World of Selfishness
disco polo
What's your favorite thing about Earth?
A Rebellion Built on Hope
If You Love Something, Never Let It Go.
Witness the price of the American Dream.
Kevin has 23 distinct personalities. The 24th is about to be unleashed.
From the Novel by Patricia Highsmith.
Protect the Bloodline
Her mission - seduce and destroy! Her deadliest weapon - her body!
Enjoy the ride.
Make sure you surprise them.
In life, you only need one true friend.
The devil is in the details.
How do you get even with a womanizer? Make him a woman!
Be careful what you wish for... you just might get it!
How? Why? What did you gain?
A ride with a police officer
Terror stalks the castle when the secret of life falls into the wrong hands.
Sharing his hunger for female flesh was his thirst for human blood...
The root of all evil...
A true story.
There is a reason they woke up.
Meet the women you don't know, behind the mission you do.
Every Place Has a Past.
Good Old American Violence!
Even the most innocent relationship can become a fatal attraction.
Vatan kanatlar€±m€±z€±n alt€±nda
KÌ_lkedisi prens ile evlenir ve masal biter. Peki ya sonra?
Their dream holiday became their worst nightmare
It's Good To Have a Thick Skin...
Being a fag is a definite plus
This is what the greatest comeback in sports history looks like
You'll Love Them All! - in this laugh-and-heart-throbbing drama of a waterfront orphan and his adopted "family."
He will find you. He will become you.
Only love can truly set us free.
ONCE IT GOES ON AIR, THE TRUTH IS MEANINGLESS
Life is what you make it.
Who's watching who?
When the System Breaks Down...  He Puts Them Back Where They Belong.
There are only two things wrong with money: too much or too little.
THE ROCK...for killers too tough for steel walls to cage!
American strength. Individual courage. It didn't end at the finish line.
Sometimes the only way around fear is to walk right through it.
It's about the choices you make next.
There's more to his life than death
God did create Adam and Steve.
Beers. Steers... and a few Queers.
1700 years to build. 5500 miles long. What were they trying to keep out?
Death is the real winner
True love can just wait.
Life blooms in enchanting ways.
Risk taker. Rule breaker. Game changer.
New York City is invaded by 8-bit creatures.
A world beyond imagination.
You can't stop the beat!
The Ultimate Clash Between Good and Evil
They are more than friends, they are ...
Brutal Savagery in a Future World!
When the butcher goes berserk....
Of all the guys his daughter could have chosen...
The honor of a new nation will be born! A nation that I will call... KICKASSIA!
Beyond Reality, Beyond Fantasy, Beyond Your Wildest Imagination... Lies Something Better Than This.
Auditions begin 2016.
To Jimmy Life Was Just A Gamble...Until The Game Became His Life!
Love Has No Morals.
Wired for action. Programmed to defend. Determined to survive
Sometimes you have to risk everything to finally be free
The Most DEADLY WOMEN who ever stalked The EARTH.
The spirit of a people can never be conquered.
Let the condolences begin
Some times in life, you just need a little change.
Where justice prevails.
The life story of the man who lives in the hearts and minds of Muslims.
Some things can't be unseen
BEWITCHING! BEAUTIFUL! BREATHLESSLY EXCITING
Legends never die
Four partners. One crime. Who will pay?
Press play... and pray.
The nicest zombie you'll ever meet.
A young groom and his best man lost on a road trip, run into a young English doctor.
We all die one day, don't worry, no one ever left alive.
Ready to die?
Direct Your Power
NO SOUL IS SAFE
A lonely woman in a decaying mansion... A young stranger on a big, black bike.
Before he was Barack, he was Barry
Every favor has a price...
One man, one city, 32 hours.
Revenge is a bitch
Your destiny is in your blood.
Pay your doctor... by the meter...
Every dog happens for a reason.
If one man falls, we all fall down.
How can the bird that is born for joy sit in a cage and sing?
Prepare for a new breed
Manuscripts don't burn
ALL CURRENT ART IS FAKE
This New Year is going off with a bang!
Maula Jat tells the true story of it's eponymous hero's blood feud with the local "gunda" Nuri Nath.
A lowly servant, Bhootnath gets close to the wife of his employer, and narrates her story through his eyes and perspective.
A Kindred Spirit's Legacy, Reclaimed
They live fast... fly fast... and fall fast
The inside story of the world's greatest manhunt.
Prove 'em all wrong
A blessing to some is a curse to others
Are your prayers enough to fight the temptations of the devil?
Long Before There Were Turtles the World Was Ruled by Dinosaurs
Celebrate our Spooky Night!
There are hangovers that last 9 months.
What comes after World War III?
Your wish is his command... if he doesn't mess it up!
Life's greatest adventures begin with a single... Leap!
After school. Parking lot. It's on.
Meet Creech
Don't judge a cop by his cover.
There is a Cure
Every Legend Has a Beginning.
Masterful... A Deft, Meticulous Moral Drama.
History is a symptom. The diagnosis is us.
The lives of three homicide detectives are turned upside-down during a murder investigation.
You can be whatever you want. The main thing is you remain yourself!
Sometimes it takes nine lives to save one
A revisionist western
There are no more patriots, just rebels and tyrants.
Don't think it. Don't say it.
Always be yourself. Unless you can be Batman.
To Err Is Human
Howdy ho!
Her 14-year-old daughter's not fast... she's just keeping up.
We fight for those you can't fight for themselves!
She's carrying more than just a secret.
What you are about to see is TRUE...it actually happened!
High-profile murder, low-profile town
Love. War. Deceit
Dawn Of A New Breed Of Heroes
A different kind of Hollywood love story.
Blood is a brutal bond.
To save a life is to save all of humanity
Idol of every Boy in the World - Greatest Western Star In The History Of Motion Pictures!
The most fantastic...most exciting serial ever made!
If Looks Could Kill, They Wouldn't Need To Kick.
Soldiers because they have to be. Heroes because they want to be.
Amazon warriors fight to survive a world gone mad!
The Final War Is Over. The Battle's Just Begun.
When the heat's on no one's smoother than...
Their father survived World War II. But the unsettling truth about how will change their family forever.
Her faith would touch the world.
Not all plans are idiot proof
Not your average outcast.
In an all-new Captain America adventure
Fairy Tales Do Come True
Three Days in April
Evil is reborn.
Every day a man flogged to death till the secret is told!
A man tries to hide the body of the mail carrier that died due to an icy front walk.
They're Not on Earth Anymore.
We two against the whole world... at least against the idiots
A Collection Of Priceless Jewels Is Missing. But With This Unlikely Team Of Detectives Hot On The Trail, The Trouble Has Just Begun!
Men and Women Condemned to Devil's Island, U.S.A....Where Living is Worse Than Dying!
Love is the fuel
What are you hungry for?
How Annie and Jules fell in love and how it all got weird.
America's Funniest Family in their First Full-Length Feature
It takes a criminal to catch a criminal
or you will die!
Their mission was to reach the edge of the universe... what they found was beyond imagination.
Never stab the devil in the back
Just because you're invited, doesn't mean you're welcome.
His time has come
All hail the king
Rock and roll will never die... we're not sure about everyone else.
Some secrets should remain buried
Face your past. Choose your future.
Human perseverance has never voluntarily gone this far
Our Journey to a New World Has Begun.
A sub-atomic fight for the subconscious.
What if today was the only day of the rest of your life?
Daring! Realistic! Overwhelming!
"I will change the world with you, Anne!"
He wanted to be loved for more than just a night.
An awkward true story.
She'll follow you.
The true story of the first black artist.
From nothing comes a King
They should have killed him.
Anybody can take a wrong turn.
Faith Has Failed Us
Some thing is watching... waiting... and wanting on...
He was hired to Mate them . . . but not to Date them!!!
Be our guest.
A love-bargain is like barbed-wire...fight it and you'll get hurt!
A Creature From the Grave Bears Witness to Murder
A tragedy of jealousy and desires
Born leader
7 billion people in the world or just one?
The Sheer Blind Energy of What's happening in the New Wave
No Home. No Laws. No Limits.
The treasure hunt
Les Patterson Saves the World. A True Story
Somewhere Out There a New Terror is Breeding
Back to the Hive
Words Are Freedom
A man and his wife are partners in a small business, a service station, that is stuggling to survive financially...
Don't forget your rubbers...and bazooka!
Adventure of a lifetime - or not?
His powers are his curse
A Glamorous Life Deserves a Fabulous Death
A Hunger from Beyond the Grave!
A black and blue comedy
It's all about time
There's nothing sadder than a puppet without a ghost.
The boldest story of a planned seduction ever to scald the screen!
Creation is better than destruction
The misfits, the mini, the mayhem.
Four deadly tales by four killer women
Who will win this curse!?
The Swiss answer to American Pie
Revenge means never having to say you're sorry
Spring Break Just Broke.
An Immortal Battle for Survival
Every fairy tale has a dark side.
The greatest treasure lies within.
The Earth is for Humans
Pray she doesn't answer.
What would you sacrifice for a second chance?
Romance
The past won't forget
When you want someone dead, which road would you choose?
How far would you go for a lost love?
Blood is Thicker than Water
One Night. Two Men. Three Hostages... No Clue.
Family is where you find it
We won't let her shed tears again
You Will Be Mine
How He Grabbed America By The Vote
A Harlem Story
The planet he uncovered was a twin to Earth...but so ominously different!
Fast & Furry
To get the girl he loves, he must save the store he hates.
A man fleeing the scene of his wife's shooting forms an unexpected relationship with the tough cab driver he hires to drive him to the Mexican border.
Would you be able to keep a secret?
A series of supernatural events unfold for a group of travelers stranded at an airport in Bangkok.
An ex-love story
Stand Your Ground
Unplanned Unwanted
She was the alluring bait...
Detention sucks but it's killer fun
A fashion picture in motion
There's only one way out of a four-way split.
Only one love. Only one take. And then what?
How far will kindness take you?
1914. The Eve of the Great War.
Documentary
The evil is coming!
A Mickey Mouse Sound Cartoon
Whats your secret?
Death Belongs To God Alone
Underwater no one can hear you scream
He will make your night The Night
No One Wishes To Be Lonely, Neither Do We.
I miss someone who I have never met before.
So that one may live
God will be watching
If we change the beginning of the story, we change the whole story.
In Brooklyn, every dance is a battle
All he needs is nine lives.
When the blood begins to flow.... who will be left to scream.
Always Keep A Light Burning!
there's no going back
On the Seashore
Love. Obsession. Betrayal.
The Lives of the BrontÌÇ Sisters
Smoke Weed Everyday
Based on a true story... sort of.
The scars of our youth shape the adults we become.
Growing up is hard when you're growing apart.
The story behind Blondie's album Parallel Lines
Vincent, a former air rifle champion ends up in a dangerous spiral after accepting an unusual job offer.
Bizarre Like Fellini. Surreal Like Bunuel. Explosive Like Cocteau.
Once they made it to the top, their world came tumbling down.
One Man versus an Army.
Remember him before he dismembers you!
Find Out What Life Is Really Worth
Evil Lives In The Reflection
Live in fear.
Love Never Dies. Even When It Should.
If her heart doesn't choose, her family will.
All Southern, No Comfort.
Hello Kalamazoo
Capture nice young girls.
What you don't know... can kill you.
An intense film about war and its nature.
He's down on his luck, but up for an adventure.
Four sisters. Four different lives. One mother of a secret.
He knows no fear...
She's back, with a vengeance.
No rules. No limits. No mercy!
Dead is the present tense
High School Can Be Brutal
She's Worth Fighting For
Everyone deserves a chance at finding happiness.
Gonna be a payday.
A black comedy about death with happy ending
Right Planet, Wrong Time
Life is a funny story.
We need comedy to get rid of our desire to kill
This time everything is going to pieces!
Live at the Theatre Royal, Margate
Live at the Royal Albert Hall
Worked the stalls like a puppet master
Live In Glasgow
Survive the void.
Be Careful Who You Prank
The law won't protect you
In Open-Source We Trust
There Is a Hell. This Is Worse.
Stopping obstruction from here to uranus.
Of all the fares in the city
They called it filth. It became a revolution.
Some people can take a hint. And some people are Donald.
You've Got the Fever... We've Got the Cure!
Pizza. Anytime. Anywhere.
The Most Blasphemous Story Ever Told
Everyone's playing their own game
In the fight for freedom everyone played a part.
The Ottoman Lieutenant is a love story between an idealistic American nurse and a Turkish officer in World War I.
Unravel the truth
Sometimes life seems to pass at 300 km/h
He Wants You Badly
Would you lie to a colleague to save your job? Would you lie to a wife to save your marriage? Would you lie to a serial killer to save your life?
One job changed it all.
They were forced to be the best... or die
Survival is the ultimate weapon
Some angels are destined to fall.
There are limits to jokes?
They have a mission: protect nature from man's wickedness.
You're never as alone as you think.
Be careful what you search for
The life of the greatest spirit medium that the world has ever seen.
A family opens its door to a miracle.
Where Will You Be When The Lights Go Out?
The Mind sees All!
One Day Changes Everything
In 1925, Percy Fawcett ventured into the Amazon in search of a myth. What he discovered became legendary.
You can change the cards you're dealt
Sci-fi's most powerful alien-human hybrid returns!
Kasher in the Rye
As a battle raged...an era roared
In 1971, the Shah of Iran, the self-proclaimed 'king of kings', celebrated 2,500 years of the Persian monarchy by throwing the greatest party in history.
The Inversion is Coming
The story of a pure woman.
Fire Burns... Lava Bites Again!
From the Secret Files of the Vatican!
A New Breed Of Ghost Hunter
Together we are more
The path to paradise begins in hell.
All guns. No control.
Yet memory will not abandon love.
Tonight, the world premiere of a chilling story of witchcraft, demons and the supernatural!
Down South, there are legends about things that lurk in the bottomlands...
Everyone wants the part that's missing
Is a miracle just a tragedy, narrowly avoided by chance?
Be here. Now.
Do Not Be Afraid, Just Believe.
He who has the Weed, has the power.
Los Prisioneros before Los Prisioneros
Society Beauties by Day! Party Girls by Night!
The story of an all-consuming passion between a creator and his creation.
Everything Happens In The Yellow Rolls Royce!
He took another man's name... lived another man's life... loved another man's woman!
When you go camping just take the essentials.
How far would you go to protect your children?
Love, loss, diamonds...and only one way out of Atlantic City.
Don't look for these guys in church.
The most fertile man in Ireland is in serious demand
Brotherhood has its price.
The Most Outer Spaced-Out Comedy Ever!
It Takes A Champ To Stay In Line.
Evolution. Is this the beginning or the end?
It's Never Too Late To Grow A Tail
Inspired by a true story
A Psycho-Sexual Thriller
A hometown kid on his BMX against the best in the world. At Helltrack... the heat is on.
Can love survive the fall of paradise?
He conquered love and death...now he walks the winds of eternity!
The only thing more shocking than the crime itself are the bizarre events that followed.
Sex. Murder. Marlowe. This town has everything.
A year behind the scenes of the Drakkar of Baie-Comeau
I'm your mother, sister, father, brother.
Warriors. Conquerors. Heroes.
12 Hands‰Û_ 12 Feet‰Û_ 24 Reasons To Die!
She's my daughter and I'll do what I like!
Twenty terrorists, five hundred vacationing skiers, one ski patrol officer...
You can't run. You can't hide. You can only become... one of them.
One fights for justice. The other for power. Only one can survive.
Evil never tasted so good...
Inspect the unexpected.
Irresistible beauty. Unstoppable instincts.
Beauty is only skin deep
The residents of Rockwell Falls are dying for you to visit...
When you're seventeen, people think they can do anything to you. Billie Jean is about to prove them wrong.
It came from outer space. It came hungry.
Two lost souls. One last chance.
Live at The Hollywood Palladium
Not all the evil is on Elm Street ...
You Can't Run From a Nightmare
There Is Nowhere To Hide From The Enemy Within.
A Triple Threat, a Double Crosser, a Trouble Maker from Beyond. With friends like these... Not your typical boy meets boy story!
Take the road less travelled
An unexpected friendship that began at the end.
stranger...deadly companion
Chip Happens
åÇYou're invited to the wedding of the seasonåÈ
HE FAUGHT EVERY FURY OF MAN AND MOUNTAIN TO GET WHERE HIS WOMAN WAS!
Live at Austin City Limits
The fastest way to get over an ex? Stay up all night with her dad.
How Far Would You Go To Escape Your Past?
The Legend Lives!
Makes most British gangster films look like the teletubbies
Beyond the realm of the senses
'He's a Catch!"
The fastest way to a girl's heart is through her gay best friend.
Sometimes opposites don't attract
A gritty and seductive take on one man's torment, the collateral damage of war and finding life after loss.
Mattia is about to leave and decided to travel light.
A report against Pluto's demotion
Turk 182 Strikes Again!
Defacing public property is against the law... but so is bank robbing, murder and the kind of women Charlie Floyd loved.
The Most Sensational, The Most Thrilling and Interesting LIVING PICTURES EVER TAKEN.
It's only funny until someone gets hurt.
A Medieval Tale of Courage, Friendship & Adventure
four walls. one faith. no identity.
"The fish is my brother, but I must kill him."
They have their men by the barrels.
The end of an empire. The birth of two nations.
They gave all they had to save all they could
One message will change everything.
He is mankind's only hope.
Their love is forever
The creepiest and most haunted place in US!
Kidnapping. Resurrection. Rituals. Secrets.
Survival of the fastest
Ordinary men. Extraordinary times.
Ready to GO Back
All he had left was revenge
The movie that J.R. shot! (2000 US DVD release)
It's a recipe for disaster.
Based on actual events. Not really.
Run with your heart.
Spark a revolution!
Risk everything... for love.
A bold man lives a double life... by day, a country parson... by night, a phantom smuggler!
So far from home, so close to disaster
Don't worry, summer is coming
Mess with me, mess with my mother.
Welcome To A New World of Gods And Monsters
Evil has an address...
documentary
... but what about me?
Thriller
Family no more
WHAT COMES NEXT?
In a Perfect World...There is a Fatal Flaw.
How much is your family worth?
Loveplay is a woman's life until the game is over...
The ultimate shakedown
Those who stay die
Evil loves the lonely.
Death is dead
Dare to be an idiot.
Based on the true story of a marine's best friend.
From this moment, everything will change
Triumph epitomizes adversity
Three familes. One campsite. May the worst family win.
Boyka is back!
One Marine. Two Gangs. One Long Night
Evil has descended
Sex. Murder. Blackmail. There's a first time for everything.
Revisit your school life
Paws meets Claws
Never leave things undone.
A surreal voyage into adolescent sexuality.
Earplugs are recommended.
Eleven Blocks One Way Home
This isn't war. It's a game.
Ever since the mob's been after him...Miles Pope hasn't been himself!
They are evil. They are dead. They are ravenous...
A Brave Boy And A Great Warrior Seek The Ring Of Ultimate Power
Just when you thought BLOOD was thicker than water.
An out of the ordinary weekend in the life of an Argentine family
Beneath the fight. Beyond the fight. Become the warrior
Based on Shocking Untold True Events
Discover what you are made of
Your audience is watching. Be the Hero.
The pride of a father. The love of a wife. The soul of a rebel. The heart of a champion.
Silvio Berlusconi in his own words
The final frontier is not outer space. It is the human mind.
Jane Bown photographer
A tale of math, physics, dimensionality, philosophy, religion, and war.
More Spice from the makers of Fritz the Cat!
The TV show that can't be shown on TV!
Wir kommen nicht in die HÌ¦lle - Die HÌ¦lle kommt zu uns
A comic twist on a classic tail!
Face the unknown
Comedy isn't funny.
Step Through
Born to shop, she learned to kill!
Fifty shades grayer
Are You Ready To Be Horrified?
Some wounds don't heal.
Packing Heat From Texas To Malibu Beach
They take their art seriously. They kill.
Someone won't get out of this alive!
Locked, Cocked & Ready To Rock!
The power of money to silence a free press.
the way I see it...
Everyone's a comedian.
Stand Up
They'll blow you away!
Home is a war away
Two languages. Two people in love. One secret.
Hey ‰öÕ don‰Ûªt worry, don‰Ûªt be afraid, ever, because, this is just a ride‰Û_
Below freezing and beyond fear... Will anyone survive its terror?
Two Turntables and a Time Machine
SEE - the CREATURE OF HORROR who RAVISHED A PLANET!
The death (or possible survival) of the independent record store
The Gospel according to today.
A leftist revolutionary or a reformist democrat?
Comedy Romance
Story of Yasar Usta and his family.
The story of two pickpockets who fell in love
Green Valley is ours!
Not everything can be forgiven.
Weird Monster Escapes! Terror Seizes City! ...a woman's beauty the lure for his dangerous desires!
An unforgettable suspense & mystery drama.
Silence is calling
Let's Make Some Art!
The student body always scores!
This is an account of love and loss, bravery and supernatural stoicism in the face of unbeatable odds.
He'll always be mommy's little mutant.
Get Ready for the Next Big Hit
How do you manage weapons of mass destruction without being destroyed by them?
Break Dancing Graffiti Rap
They live for lust. They live for power. They live forever.
A lot more laughs!
Reality is not what it seems.
The enemy has a weapon. So do we.
Things happen, you just have to believe
A love so strong it can survive marriage.
Can you love a complete stranger?
A Look Inside A Questionable Industry
Now it can be told...
More Than a Movie! An Explosive Cinema Concert!
They‰Ûªre tobacco chewin‰Ûª, gut chompin‰Ûª, cannibal kinfolk from Hell!
Renegade Improv Comedy
Immigration.Justice.Ethnicity.Politics.
They fought for the Ultimate Prize!
Real Time. Real Risk. Real Raw.
Is It Magic? Or Wholesale Slaughter?
Infinite Evil
A place to dream
Trapped in a future they didn't create. Fighting an enemy they cannot stop.
14,000 Years It Has Waited For Us
A Love.... That Broke All Relationships
Every house has a history. This one has a legend.
Innocent, until betrayed.
Our country was his stage.
All you need is one killer track.
A place where there are very few flowers
There Is Evil Inside Us All
Some doors should never be opened.
Soldier of the Underworld
Three friends, one cousin, and a hunting vacation to die for.
3-D Sex and Zen: Extreme Ecstasy
It's not a virus... it's evolution.
If you know neither yourself nor your enemy, you will lose every battle
The hangover will be the least of their problems
Immortality is only a matter of time.
WHO WILL LEAD THE CLEAN ENERGY FUTURE?
Saving the future before time runs out‰Û_
It's truth time!
Some men were born heroes... It wasn't these guys.
Is there a limit?
The Extraordinary 25th Anniversary Performance Recorded Live in London's West End
Once you remember, you will never forget.
Loyalty At All Costs
Sometimes it's better not to know who you are
Dreams are just a spark away!
A Monsterrific Musical!
Be scare-ful what you wish for
Welcome to the most clever, quirky and exciting monster-filled school imaginable!
The Monster High ghouls are back in a freaky, fabulous double feature that's simply to-die-for!
Fabulously freaky!
A gay and tender story of G.I. love!
The Loves, the songs, the laughter of that wonderful "Flapper Age"!
Before DAHMER, Before GACY, There was ED.
You must never call a man after your first night together! He has to call you!
Vision Comes from Within
They're dying to keep him alive
Miracles happen when we need them most of all.
In The New Perfected Technicolor
A true story of the vaping revolution and tragic corruption leading to a billion deaths around the world.
There is such a profession - to defend their homeland
Oh my God, please return my tedious everyday.
nobody's a bargain
Technology can be your best friend or your worst enemy.
He went on TV show. She took care of Dad. And now the reality is starting to air...
In 1912, eight people were brutally murdered in their house. This house.
A way-out tale of a far-out monster!
Old Secrets. First Loves. New Beginnings.
A Merry Escapade! Scandalous! Joyous!
Yesterday, he was a fun loving sports hero. Today he's had his life threatened, his Jaguar wrecked, his career jeopardized... And now someone's trying to cook him breakfast.
No Matter How Far You Go, You Can't Run From Family
Some Things Never Change...
Let The Battle Begin!
72 Hours of liberty to forget everything the navy taught them
it's all about the perks
They Came. They Prayed. They Played!
Everybody is Somebody's Hero
Love plus loyalty, multiplied by pride, divided by money equals...
This School Rocks!
Introducing the worst team... ever!
An Undercover Nightmare.
Too much is never enough.
It just got cooler.
What are YOU willing to risk to find true love?
She believed in him. Now he must believe in himself to lead the team to the Super Bowl.
Life Isn't Always Straight Forward
What if the one thing you want is the last thing you need?
If you had one last wish...
You lost your father's car. Sold your prom date. And a guy named 'Tito' wants you dead.
There is a first time for everything
A painfully romantic comedy.
Miracle Beach It will really raise your spirits.
Love never tasted so sweet
Mine is a ladies world.
I now pronounce you monster and wife
You think planning your future is hard? Try planning a College Party.
Watch Out For That Sequel!
You'll always remember your first time
They had all the moves!
Both these guys are out to win her heart... and it's gonna get ruff.
No touching, no kissing, no sex... no problem.
Dreams are at the finish line!
Shooting Star
A hilarious collection of some of the best Triumph the Insult Comic Dog segments.
Alone. Together.
An Icon Reborn.
Where there's a will there's an "A"
These are the Duke boys... from the beginning!
#PassTheBaton
Your perfect match is less than a click away.
Lying is Easy, Love is Hard
Heroes don't die, they just stop showering
Would you sell your soul for a date with Laurie Petler? Henry Spooner did.
The crisis is global but their battle. . .is personal!
The things worth fighting for still have to be fought for.
To have a future, he must undo her past...
When she's bad, she's good
love doesn't always compute
Sometimes the heroes are on the sidelines
The heart can be the greatest instrument of all
It's just business
1942: what happens when a German kid believes that his Jewish neighbors are going to Toyland?
LIttle guys with big guns!
She was invited, but she's not welcome.
Where evil takes on a sexy side
There is only hell...
From the edge of obscurity to the verge of celebrity
the dream of a simple man
It's a whole new scream!
He's back with a vengeance.
You can run but you can't hide
Oh brother.
Family Life Isn't Always Sunshine and Rainbows
The war is over, a trial begins.
Best Man? Check. Groomsmen? Check. Serial Killer? Check.
The music never had to be explained.
A new breed of rock star
Somewhere, a 15-year old girl may be a teenager... in the Cajun country, she's a woman full-grown! ...and every Bayou man knows it!
The finish line is just the beginning.
They don't just tell the myths; they put them to the test
Back to nature.
All men want justice. Few are willing to pay the price.
They were young, in love and wanted for murder.
Unlikely allies. Unbeatable force.
A Select Few Have Been Aboard... Now It's Your Turn!
In this family, every illness was a lie - except the mother's.
Revenge will consume you.
The great untold story of the American Civil War.
Are you brave enough to tell a joke?
An ancient evil. Trapped in a world of darkness. Waiting for someone to believe.
The secret life of chaos
Who'll hit the jackpot?
There ain't no cruise control.
Hell hath no fury like the women of...
Only those you trust can truly betray you.
Love has no rules.
The Man Who Knew Everything
No force from this world can stop it!
"There are only rob me!"
H.G. Wells foresaw the future in such visionary novels as The Time Machine and The War of the Worlds...
The human race has had its day.
At Last... Total Terror!
Chicks, Chumps, he uses 'em all.
An Outrageous Animated Comedy Extravaganza
Revenge is a dish best served animated
Hit the Trail... To Terror
The Legend Too Monstrous To Die‰Û_ Surfaces Again
See the mob get busted when Chesty takes her revenge.
Siren Irene... You'll Love Her On The Screen... A Miss In Distress Or Gay Adventuress?
What Power Should a Man Possess to Challenge the Prince of Darkness?
ONE HOUR AFTER TAKE OFF...SUDDENLY IT HAPPENS! The Inaugural Flight of America's First SST. 250 People Trapped By a Deadly Menace on a Supersonic Giant...And No Airport in the World Will Let Them Land!
Fighting Terrorism on Land, Under The Sea and in Outer Space
Up from the bowels of the earth come...
It's machine vs. man in the ultimate battle for the future!
From Another Continent ... Destruction!!! Panic!! ... before the Rocket Strikes!
Monsters in a land that time forgot!
The cycle-gang gals... scratching... clawing any guy who gets in their way!
SEE...A prehistoric world of fantastic adventure come to life!
The Fate of the Earth is in Their Hands
Alive!! With the Beat and the Heat of Today's Rock-N-Roll Generation!
Growing...! Growing...! Growing...! To a Giant! to a Monster! When will it stop?
Fabulous! Spectacular! Terrifying! The raw courage of women without men lost in a fantastic Hell-on-Earth!
Dig that deadly beat!
Made to Kill or Love on Command!
Budding Young Teeny-Boppers Were the Bluebeard's Prey! See Dismemberment and Death!
Beyond Wildest Dreams!
Ride the Excitement Orbit to the Moon with the First Space Explorers!
In a Time of Titans Colussus Towered Above All!!!
Maniac Hunts Humans In A Jungle Hell!
Thrill jumping guys... Thrill seeking girls... Daring death with every leap!
Pornography Headlines Come to Life!
Jet Packed Drama at a Giant Air Terminal!
She's a real smoky kitten
THE STRANGE LOVE LIFE OF A WRESTLING GAL
The kid who showed the big time how!
Make the Mistake!
Secret Agent Bart Fargo chases the kidnappers of the inventor of a death ray.
The strength of El Santo and his pantherlike agility versus the diabolical power of the vampire women!
No girl was safe as long as this head-hunting thing roamed the land!
No woman was safe from his crushing arms...
The grave can't hold it ...nothing human can stop it!
From Time Unborn‰Û_ A Hideous She-Thing!
Hypnotized! Reincarnated as a monster from hell!
Explosive! Amazing! Terrifying! You won't believe your eyes!
An unforgettable excursion into adventure.
They used the world's deadliest weapons against this super-secret agent!
WEIRD! Ghoulish atomic beasts who live off human blood!
Horror of Horrors!
REST IN... BEAST
To Love Her Is To Be Cursed!
Like nothing you've ever seen before!
On this mission, no sacrifice is too great!
Sink your teeth into pure terror!
IN AN AGE OF SWORDS AND SORCERY, ONE YOUNG HERO HOLDS THE KEY TO INFINITE WISDOM - AND ULTIMATE POWER
When you don't know who to trust...
Trapped in the Twilight Between Life and Death
The Rising Moon Creates a Monster
A Brutal Orgy of Ghastly Terror!
Worlds will collide
For freedom. For family. For the planet.
Family bonding gone wrong.
They shared the pleasures of the flesh, and the horrors of the grave!
Vengeance is a Mother
Let the real hunger games begin.
Eine Stadt unter Mordverdacht
Kiss by kiss the time ran out and never so few were the moments left for love!
Some girls are out of this world.
We're gonna liberate the sh** out of you.
We are not men.
What if Paris was yours?
The deeper to the bottom of the ocean, the darker it gets...
The name‰Ûªs Lazenby, George Lazenby
...and you think you've got problems.
It started as a joke...
Remember His Face.
The greatest fighting machine the West has ever known.
30 days. 1 wedding. No Groom.
Love Continues
Amazing! Startling!
Classic Albums
The will to win when all is lost.
Inside The Global Arms Trade
America's prescription opiods kill more than pain.
Some dream of space, others dare to conquer it.
In 2961: The only rule is instinct
What would it feel like to be a bird and fly over the trees and housetops?
This will not end well.
A simple story about love no matter how you spell it.
Sometimes winning means losing yourself.
A Klok Opera
Great chefs stand out.
Youth had been a habit of hers for so long that she could not part with it.
It's time to kick some zombie ass!
Speak Out. Fight Back.
It Began as a Game...
MEET MISS FEDERAL AGENT! She starts where all others fall!
Home Sweet Home
In the future... it pays to be more than human.
At the Earth's end, humans battle for survival, and old enemies rise again!
FrÌ_s Ì_ Ì_Ì¡um blÌ_Ì¡
In this jungle, the endangered species is... man
When Make Believe is not Enough!
As free as the breeze... As wild as the wind...
Curses last forever.
She has the cure for growing pain . . .
An Ancient Prophecy Foretold. A Scientific Discovery Revealed.
He gets more than his fare share...!
Sandahl Bergman tempted Conan and now she is ready to take on the world!
We were born to be friends.
Beyond Rescue ... Beyond Reason ... Beyond Salvation
Sie dÌ_rstet nach Liebe - und ertrinkt in der Lust
Love Is The Ultimate Weapon.
12 billion miles and counting...
Their adventure is the destination.
The greatest love story never told!
Pioneer. Leader. Father. Champion.
First. Female. Immortal.
A Dracula On Drugs!
Jungle holds no terrors for these bloodthirsty white-belled cannibals!
Trapped with a woman like dynamite!
Destroyed in love...
Choose your target wisely.
Every year young people disappear
Their war. Our time.
BRAVE in Adventure! BOLD in Love!
It‰Ûªs better to stand out than to fit in.
The Classic MiniSeries based on Jonathan Swift's Timeless Adventure
He's invisisible, she's blind, they love each other...
Early MÌ©liÌ¬s short made up of footage of he and some friends playing cards.
Seven sisters. One identity.
Pick Up the Key. Unlock the Past.
10 years behind bars - the only chance to find the truth
It's not art unless you can sell it for lots of money
One duty. One desire. One decision.
Some Assembly Required
Glatt's Back!
Ladies, I advise you to stay calm
The event that shaped our world
The skill of gymnastics, the kill of karate.
Who killed Sister Cathy?
Tracing the roots of Heavy Metal music within the UK.
Only power that is hidden, is power that endures.
He's not your everyday pet frog...!
Do you wanna play?
Bodies can be buried, but spirits never die.
Never mess with a man's dog
An experiment in terror
Know Your Enemy
Fight like your world depends on it
A Lucid and insightful study of the manipulation of public consciousness...Take heed.
This sly spy can't be outfoxed
The true story of friends, family & one hundred million hits of acid
The Dead Never Rest
He escaped one war, only to face another.
Fishing Was Never Like This!
Only the finest ingredients! 100% Dead Meat!
They turned the frontier into a river of blood overflowing with the West's most dangerous passions.
Silence is the most powerful scream
Event from account 00473: Subject 3 prone on kitchen floor
Some things change over Time.
The food is talking.
The time has come for CREAM - the latest product that will fix your life.
A MYSTERIOUS CASE OF MISSING BOYS LOST IN TIME
Love will set you free
Help Wanted
Men were just meat to be used and abused!
Back to The Stage of Battle
When the Unexplained Happens
Evil Lives Here
A Peanuts look at a serious subject.
Vinyl: if you already knew it, you'll fall in love again. If you're a rookie, get ready!
The John Coltrane Documentary
PokÌ©mon: Spell of the Unknown
He's The Coolest Player Under The Sun!
This is what happens when you open a restaurant.
For one world to live, the other must die.
16 porn stars reveal more than just their naked skin.
"There are Christmas trees there was 100 years"
Love is a weapon of mass destruction
Victor Tsoy's movie debut
The untold story of D-Day.
Go deeper
Never be afraid of love, everyone is looking for
Love can happen at any time.
Would you like to be this man's friend?
Some mistakes won't let go.
Tom Riley thought this home was a great deal... ...It turns out it was a nightmare
Manga artist Yuichi Okano begins writing nurse notes while taking care of his mother, who is afflicted with Alzheimer's disease.
A Secret Eden Turned into a Raging Hell!
Guess Who's Coming To Dinner?
Becoming father and daughter in one week
A Magical Space Adventure
A new dimension in fantasy.
If you can't beat the house, be... The House
They Showed The War To The World
There is no TripAdvisor for this adventure...
A secret war never ends.
A new family. A new world.
100,000 gallons of water. 50 meters wide. No. Way. Out.
The Rich Got Richer, The Rest Lost Everything.
Home Is Where Family Is
Documentary
Time travel is a joint venture.
A New Hero, For A New Era
Some mothers aren't meant to be moms.
What's your pleasure?
Sex and Drugs before Rock and Roll
The only thing more terrifying then playing it...is winning
An evolution in love
There's always a right reason to do the wrong thing.
Mica is a perfectly normal boy. Well he would be if he didn't smell of fish.
Our words are stronger than their weapons.
There are other worlds than these
Until the desire appears
Disney makes the classical musical more magical than ever!
It's okay America, we've got your back.
Time starts here...
...It takes a traitor and a hero
Deception never looked so sweet
Life is a stage. Find your voice. Change the world.
The revolution begins, again!
New day at school. New day in hell.
A musical re-imagining
The Awakening
Fear What You Believe
A single moment can change your life forever.
Horrifically Funny
An inside look at life on the New York Times obituaries desk.
The best music and the best whiskey come from the same part of the country.
Later starts now
The phantasmagorical world of Japan's most famed anime house is delightfully unfurled for beginners and devotees in
Destiny... there is no escape
A poignant look at how a family may look
Not easy being meh
Don't accept his invite.
His soul was the last to go.
Can't we all just get along?
Great fun... you can bank on it!
A beast of a comedy.
Embrace the weird...
Everything Seemed Perfect...
In this hotel, room service is deadly.
Nothing is harder to track than the truth.
Some criminals are made in prison
Rock Hard and In Your Face
Everyone else will die
I'm putting the "ex" back in Texas!
Dedicated. Brilliant. Inspiring. Underpaid. Misunderstood. Scapegoated. There's a lesson here.
A movie about movie posters.
Be careful what you wish for
"Forgive us in advance for this wild weekend"
1995. When people were harder to reach.
It's time we knew
Save yourself or save the world.
Fittest On Earth: A Decade Of Fitness
Amid the epic landscape of the Mahabharata, the stage is set for an intimate yet eternal tussle between custom and commerce, tradition and modernity.
Life is hard.
It's daring! It's delicious! It's the gayest comedy-romance of the year!
Young, Willing and Oh So Eager to Please!
Straight A's all the way ... But not in the classroom!
When you only have one shot, don't miss.
Not every question has an answer
Beyond the limits. Out of the museum.
The past is prologue
Long live evil.
Australia V Australia - Nobody wins
Comedy can be found in the darkest places.
You gotta see it two to three times
When you are strange
Northern lights in the morning. Then it will be a magical day.
Growing up‰Û_ not for kids.
A sad comedy about angels
The Basement Tapes of SigrÌ_dur NÌ_elsdÌ_ttir
Love Makes the World Go 'Round. It Will Spin Lots Faster After You See -- Love
Art, obsession and anxiety permeate a dilapidated Manhattan loft building in Mid-century
Never lose touch with your roots.
Payback...the best form of revenge.
Big city. Big bucks. Big trouble.
Thanks for the invitation!
A truly different adventure!
Not since FRITZ THE CAT has there been such a freewheeling sexy cartoon romp!
The Final Cut
100 years later, lightning strikes twice
Ladies' Man - And Lady Killer!
Now Frankenstein has created a beautiful woman with the soul of the Devil!
Holy reunion, Batman!
They Came To Investigate Witchcraft ... and found TERROR!
Fun and games in the great outdoors!
What the world needs now is a shining hero!
She cried rape. But no one would listen.
A monstrous, chilling terror stalking the living‰Û_
Our Father who art in trouble...
Speed is part of the game...
A good hostage is hard to find.
Some love stories last beyond a lifetime
Likes are easy, love is hard.
If the heat doesn't kill you, something else will
The only thing that stands between Butch and Serena...will die.
Be Good Or Die
One Kid's Fantasy. One Cop's Nightmare.
When Night Falls, the Adventure Begins!
Notorius Scandalous Unforgettable
You're not going anywhere
They're sexy. They're fearless. They're... Fit To Kill.
Are we prepared for dealing with the prospect that humanity is not the end of evolution?
Action, Horror
The Heart Wants What The Heart Wants
The movie about Andre Hazes
RAPTUROUS BEAUTY!...FURY OF A BEAST!
Too Cool For The Rules!
Celebrate Lumpy's First Halloween.
What happened last night?
Meet...The CREEPER!
Do you know what happened 50 years before "The Blair Witch Project"?
A deadly game of wits.
